what if google morphed into googleosal  zaman  american forces killed shaikh abdullah al  ani, the preacher at the mosque in the town of qaim, near the syrian border.
what if google expanded on its search  engine  and now email  wares into a full  fledged operating system
via microsoft watch from mary jo foley
and, by the way, is anybody else just a little nostalgic for the days when that was a good thing
this killing of a respected cleric will be causing us trouble for years to come.from the ap comes this story
this buzzmachine post argues that google s rush toward ubiquity might backfire  which we ve all heard before, but it s particularly well  put in this post.
dpa  iraqi authorities announced that they had busted up3 terrorist cells operating in baghdad.
google is a nice search engine.
two of them were being run by2 officials of the ministry of the interior
does anybody use it for anything else
president bush on tuesday nominated two individuals to replace retiring jurists on federal courts in the washington area.
they own blogger, of course.
bush nominated jennifer m. anderson for a 15  year term as associate judge of the superior court of the district of columbia, replacing steffen w. graae.
is that a money maker

i m staying away from the stock.
bush also nominated a. noel anketell kramer for a 15  year term as associate judge of the district of columbia court of appeals, replacing john montague steadman.
i doubt the very few who actually read my blog have not come across this yet, but i figured i would put it out there anyways.
the moi in iraq is equivalent to the us fbi, so this would be like having j. edgar hoover unwittingly employ at a high level members of the weathermen bombers back in the 1960s.
the third was being run by the head of an investment firm.
john donovan from argghhh has put out a excellent slide show on what was actually found and fought for in fallujah.
the sheikh in wheel  chair has been attacked with a f  16  launched bomb.
click here to view it.
you wonder if he was manipulating the market with his bombing targets.
he makes some good observations on a few of the pics.
the cells were operating in the ghazaliyah and al  jihad districts of the capital.
one of the pictures shows a flag that was found in fallujah.
he could be killed years ago and the israelians have all the reasons, since he founded and he is the spiritual leader of hamas, but they did nt.
on the next two pictures he took screenshots of two beheading videos.
compare the flags to the fallujah one.
although the announcement was probably made to show progress in identifying and breaking up terror cells, i do nt find the news that the baathists continue to penetrate the iraqi government very hopeful.
you have to see these slides .... they are amazing.
it reminds me too much of the arvn officers who were secretly working for the other side in vietnam.
this fallujah operation my turn out to be the most important operation done by the us military since the end of the war.
today s incident proves that sharon has lost his patience and his hope in peace.
let me join the chorus of annoyance over google s new toolbar, which, as noted in the linked article, commits just about every sin an online marketer could commit, and makes up a few new ones besides.
al  zaman  guerrillas killed a member of the kurdistan democratic party after kidnapping him in mosul.
i m not fond of the google  hates  privacy argument
nervous people make mistakes, so i suppose there will be a wave of succesfull arab attacks.
the police commander of ninevah province announced that bombings had declined 80 percent in mosul, whereas there had been a big jump in the number of kidnappings.
you do nt need to use their site, you can opt  out of sharing your information, you do nt need to send stuff to anyone with a gmail account, and if  wonder of wonders  you re worried that you might send something to someone who would forward an excerpt to someone who would then store it on a gmail account ... you have far, far too much time on your hands .
a la guerre cest comme a la guerre
however, this toolbar is really bad news.
in the eastern city of baqubah, guerrillas detonated a car bomb outside a police station, killing several people.
on wednesday guerrillas had kidnapped a cosmetic surgeon and his wife while they were on their way home.
on the other hand, it looks pretty cool.
in suwayrah, kut province, two car bombs were discovered before they could be detonated.
iran says it is creating nuclear energy without wanting nuclear weapons.
the united states does nt believe the iranian government.
the us lost yet another helicopter to hostile fire near habbaniyah in the sunni heartland, but this time the crew was safe.
one can suspect the iranian government.
kut is in southeastern iraq and has an overwhelmingly shiite population, who are on the lookout for baathist saboteurs and willingly turn them in.
but there is no proof.
in fallujah, hundreds of demonstrators came out against us troops when they briefly arrested a yound newlywed bride.
i read an article in time magazine accusing the iranian government of being willing to start a nuclear war and i sympathise with the article.
this willingness is the main difference in the number of bombings in the south as opposed to the center  north of the country.
they are certainly being nasty to the united nations security council in connection with the antiproliferation treaty.
in baghdad kadhim talal husain, assistant dean at the school of education at mustansiriyah university, was assassinated with his driver in the salikh district.
the president has also said he would like to see israel wiped off the map which he could nt even begin to try without nuclear weapons.
i hope that the us army got an enormous amount of information from her relatives, because otherwise this move was a bad, bad tradeoff .
but he has insisted that he wants nuclear power for peaceful purposes.
the us troops fired into the hostile crowd, killing4.
many people want to use diplomacy with iran rather than military pressure.
but will diplomacy work
and can anyone use military pressure without proof
guerrillas killed an engineer, asi ali, from tikrit.
one reader pointed out that the president watched the americans in the embassy when they took them hostage.
it seems clear to me that the manhunt for high baath officials in the sunni heartland is being done wrong, or at least in ways that are bad for us standing with local iraqis.
he has denied this.
we do nt have to believe him.
they also killed shaikh hamid akkab, a clan elder of a branch of the dulaim tribe in tikrit.
but we ca nt prove it.
it does seem that iranians frequently make statements and then hide behind lack of proof.
google has finally had an analyst day  a chance to present the company s story to the  miniscule number of  people who have nt heard it.
angry crowds chanted antiamerican slogans in the western city of falluja  pop. 256,000  as the security police killed in a friendly fire incident by us troops were buried on saturday.
his mother was also killed in the attack.
usually, these are just a chance for the suckups to suck up, but this time people are actually concerned about the company s plans.
reuters reported that  sunni clerics in the town issued a  declaration by the people of fallujah  condemning the deaths of the security guards and police, announcing three days of mourning, and calling for a general strike today.
it read,  the people of fallujah condemn the massacre which was committed on friday against people dedicated to the protection of fallujah.
two other dulaim leaders have been killed in the past week and a half.
they work on wall street, after all, so when they hear a company whos stated goals include  do nt be evil,  they imagine a company whos eventually history will be  do nt be profitable.
guerrillas near hawijah launched an attack that left6 dead, including4 iraqi soldiers.
let aggressive  american  leaders and soldiers know that we are capable of protecting the city s security and safety, and ask them to lift their hands from the city.
one of them was from the jubur tribe and was deputy commander of the hawijah garrison.
the clerics demanded talks with local us commanders.
it s not quite as freewheeling an environment as you d imagine  sergey brin has actually created a mathematical  proof  that the company s self  driven research strategy, which gives employees one day a week to do research projects on their own, is a good, respectable idea.
falluja has long been roiled by tense relations with the us soldiers there, since local sunnis either remain committed to arab nationalism or have become sunni fundamentalists or even radicals.
read the entire article  there s a punchline, too.
cities such as falluja received special treatment from saddam and enjoyed a disproportionate share of the country s wealth and power.
two hundred members of the batawi clan of the dulaim demonstrated in baghdad on friday, protesting the killing of their clan elder, shaikh kadhim sarhid and4 of his sons, by gunmen wearing iraqi army uniforms.
this is a largely sunni arab clan, and some sunni observers have accused shiite elements in the government of being behind the assassination  it is more likely the work of sunni arab guerrillas punishing the batawi leaders for cooperating with the dec. 15 elections.
they know that the american advent implies for them a demotion, and an elevation of the shiites and kurds, and they refuse to go quietly.
my opinion piece on the implications of arafat s passing for al  qaeda has appeared at newsday.
see httpwww.gulfnews.comarticlesnews.asparticleid97508
al  zaman  the iraqi high electoral commission on friday denied a request of the debaathification commission to exclude 51 individuals from running on party lists in the dec. 15 elections on grounds of having been sufficiently involved in baath activities to warrant their being excluded from civil office.
the supreme court announced its ruling today in hamdan v. rumsfeld divided along idelogical lines with john roberts abstaining due to his involvement at the d.c. circuit level and anthony kennedy joining the liberals in a5 3 decision that is 185 pages long.
excerpt
the actual vote is a little confusing.
the commission said it had no legal grounds for such an exclusion.
stay with me now  john paul stevens delivered the opinion of the court with respect to parts i through iv, vi through vi  d  iii, vi  d  v, and vii, in which kennedy, souter, ginsburg, and breyer joined, and an opinion with respect to parts v and vi  d  iv, in which souter, ginsburg, and breyer joined.
breyer filed a concurring opinion, in which kennedy, souter, and ginsburg joined.
arafat s secular nationalism was supple enough to compromise with israel and to imagine a two  state solution, even if the road of negotiations remained rocky.
kennedy filed an opinion concurring in part, in which souter, ginsburg, and breyer joined as to parts i and ii.
scalia filed a dissenting opinion, in which thomas and alito joined.
this item is a small one and easily missed.
thomas filed a dissenting opinion, in which scalia joined, and in which alito joined as to all but parts i, ii  c 1, and iii  b 2.
alito filed a dissenting opinion, in which scalia and thomas joined as to parts i through iii.
the continued israeli colonization of the occupied palestinian territories during the 1990s helped, along with terrorist attacks by radical groups such as hamas, to derail the peace process, which sharon had always opposed.
but in my view it is highly significant.
it will take me a little while to read the whole thing, but i rarely agree with a john paul stevens opinion.
i ll post highlights from the opinion and dissents when i m finished.
arafat s death creates a vacuum in palestinian leadership that will not soon be filled.
the debaathification commission had been pushed by ahmad chalabi and his iraqi national congress very hard, and had pushed many sunni arabs into the arms of the guerrillas.
important news such as president bush s miniscule calibrations on his marriage amendment  antigay  update  he s not against gays in the bedroom, just at the altar, where of course their relationships should not only be frowned upon but should be constitutionally excluded  has pushed sudan not just off the front pages, or the a section, but out of the ny times and washington post completely.
i had to go to the bbc for this report.
sharon s assassination of major hamas leaders has also weakened authority structures in that party.
if the israelis and the palestinian leadership can not find a way to reinvigorate the peace process, cells of radical young palestinians may grow up that look to bin laden for their cues.
chalabi has been increasingly marginalized within iraq, however, despite his ties of clientelage with washington and tehran.
it s symptomatic, i suppose, of our fast  paced, 24 hour news  cycle lives, that the biggest short  term humanitarian crisis in the world would quickly be eclipsed, once our secretary of state was finished with his whirlwind tour, from the newspapers.
even if local palestinian leaders remain strong enough to keep al  qaida out, the festering israeli  palestinian struggle remains among the best recruiting posters for al  qaida with young muslim men.
it s just disappointing.
most troubling, however, is the fact that the political will to end the crisis expressed a few short weeks ago seems to have ebbed.
at that time, un secretary general kofi annan demanded steps be taken to end the ethnic violence in darfur within 48 hours.
he is no longer in the dominant shiite list, the united iraqi alliance, and wo nt have many seats in the new parliament.
two weeks later, and the violence continues.
resolving this conflict would be the most effective weapon the united states could deploy in its war on terror.
the african union is clearly not up to the task of keeping the peace, pledging 300 troops to an area that will need 15,000, according to analysts.
xinhua reports that a wide range of iraqi political forces on tuesday condemned sharon s murder of sheikh ahmed yassin, a religious leader of hamas, the day before.
and international donors have given only half of the relief aid that darfur needs, according to the local un officials.
some 2,000 junior officers of the old baath army have been recalled to duty in recent months, something chalabi would have blocked if he could have.
so hear we are, two weeks later, after that dazzling pr display two weeks ago by powell and annan, and the situation on the ground in darfur appears basically unchanged.
the board of muslim clerics in fallujah, 50 km west of baghdad,  condemned the assassination and promised immediate revenge against the coalition soldiers in iraq.
ash  sharq al  awsat reports that fallujah was closed tuesday in a general strike.
warren buffett is giving away 85  of his wealth, mostly to the bill and melinda gates foundation.
it s a move that really worries me  buffett s usual justification for keeping most of his money was that he was still compounding the value of his fortune at a pretty high rate, so any gifts now would mean significantly less money for the foundation later.
now the electoral commission is refusing to punish people for mere past baath party membership.
the situation in iraq is only going to get better this way.
it s a little hard to parse, but at this point his ostensible view is that the gateses are very good money  redistributors, and he wants them to have the money as soon as possible.
which essentially sounds like he s worried that bill or melinda are going to die soon.
us troops there clashed with guerrillas in a fight that left one iraqi dead.
i assume his actual reason is that he s worried that berkshire hathaway just ca nt grow quickly enough to justify his usual charity policy.
if someone committed a crime against humanity, prosecute the person.
i m not sure how the market will react.
in ramadi, there was a big demonstration.
if he or she did not, then they should have all the same rights as other iraqis.
it does nt change the company s intrinsic worth, and as the article notes, the company might be added to a major index once the shares get more liquid.
al  sharq al  awsat reports that a key eyewitness in the trial of saddam hussein for a 1982 massacre at dujail has died.
on the other hand, this is essentially a statement that the company is overpriced from the guy who knows it best  and happens to be the best investor of the last century.
radical shiite cleric muqtada al  sadr said the attack was  criminal  and that  the zionists have left only one choice for the arabs, that of fighting and jihad .
a team from the court managed to take his deposition before he died.
em ... no ... the gates foundation mainly invests in medical research and education, that means donating now adds a tremendous value compared to donating in ten years.
the interim governing council issued a communique saying,  it is a proof of the emptiness of the israeli authority and a destruction of the peace endeavors in the region...
because the 10.000.000 people dying from malaria will otherwise be dead.
the trial begins again nov. 28.
i.e.
he s not giving 85  away, he s giving a number of shares each year that decrease in number at the rate of5  a year  until gone  .
he mentions his wife s death having an effect on him.
this operation would only consolidate the terrorist acts in the world and would not bring peace to the region,  the message claimed.
in baghdad the fighting still continues in several areas, mostly in sadr city and adhamiya.
baghdadis do nt venture much out of their neighbourhoods any more, you never know where you might get stuck.
it sounds pretty rational that he s saying that bill and melinda are at a prime spot, so starting the money hose now is a good idea, but buffet is still keeping most of his donation inside of berkshire where it will compound.
bill over at the fourth rail has an excellent essay on how the msm and the un, even the leftist countries in europe, are basically accepting terrorist organizations as legitimate forms of a political party
xinhua alleged that  many of the iraqis, who suffer the american occupation of iraq, relate their case with that of the palestinian people, under the israeli occupation.
in an apparently unrelated incidents, some eleven iraqis were killed by snipers on tuesday, including a group of police trainees in a bus near hilla and two police in kirkuk.
on the same day palestinians protest in support of hezbollah and syria, the terrorist group hamas has indicated it will participate in the scheduled upcoming parliamentary elections.
ever since the first whispers about google s ipo, most investors have feared that the stock would come public at such a ridiculously high price that, even with a spectacularly profitable business model and some nearly flawless execution, the price would be too high for investors to make a real profit.
to the north in lebanon, there is serious debate within hezbollah about entering the lebanese political process in light of syria s promised withdrawal.
there has been talk that the night curfew might be implemented again.
syria has agreed to withdraw under the conditions set forth in unsc resolution 1559, which has already begun.
we ve moved on.
un secretary  general kofi annan has indicated it is time to  recognize hezbollah  after easily being duped by  the message on the placards they are using .
my neighbourhood has been surrounded by american troops for three days now, helicopters have been circling over our heads nonstop.
this acceptance of blatantly terrorist groups as legitimate freedom movements is a cancerous tumor on the united nations and the media.
we ve grown up.
now, people wonder if google can even survive.
over three years after 911, the united nations, despite their attempts to project strength in fighting terrorism, still can not properly define the word  terrorist , waffling over the issue of whether the murder of innocent civilians are terrorist acts.
fedayeen are now visible on the street and they have become bolder than ever.
the media routinely obscures the lines between terrorism and legitimate resistance, as the recent article by daniel okrent of the new york times demonstrates.
that s overstating it, i know.
...
yesterday there were tens of them putting road blocks on our street and setting up mortars, they only come out in the open when americans leave the area, then they start firing mortars indiscriminately and shooting their ak  47s in the air.
the decision to sidestep the obvious to satisfy the need to avoid confrontation does not bring peace, but only delays the eventual conflict as the predators of hamas and hezbollah exploit the inherent weakness of the internationals and the media.
what they wonder is whether google can be anything more than what it s always been  a great search engine with some real grass  roots support, successful by the grace of simplicity.
they are setting the road blocks at the exact same positions they were during the war last year, which indicates they are the same people.
i ve been fuming over this fact for a few weeks now, ever since some organizations and governments suggested we need to accept the fact that hezbollah will get involved in running lebanon.
and there is nothing we can do about it really, people who are suggesting that we go out and fight them are living in dream land.
wtf is this
this is a terrorist organization plain and simple.
simplicity gave it that blessed, laudatory lack of clutter, the efficient and effective text  based ads, and the support of anyone with a dial  up connection.
this is the organization that bombed our marine barracks in 1983, took americans hostage throughout the 80s and now they should be considered a legitimate organization
even the ip and icdc have abandoned the neighbourhood, and those are trained and armed, so do nt expect scared civilians to do anything except to hide inside and pray a helicopter or a tank does nt bomb them, and also how are american soldiers going to distinguish the brave and valiant civilians from the fedayeen
this is just another reason to never trust the msm, and certainly not the europeans.
everyone is apprehensive, there is some talk that april 9th and 10th are going to be bloody days.
the problem is that customers attracted by a simple interface are among the least loyal you can find  witness the fight  for  fewest  features between low  end camera companies.
the iraqi islamic party lead by muhsin abdul hamid, has been among the few sunni muslim groups willing to cooperate  even if rather lukewarmly  with the americans.
most people have nt gone to work the last few days, although it seems that the rest of baghdad is  normal   if you can define what normal is .
it is now threatening to pull out of the allawi caretaker government.
the other problem
the iip had also been the main force urging sunni arabs to participate in the elections scheduled for january, and had been opposed in this stance by the association of muslim scholars.
there are rumours about preparations by slum dwellers for another looting spree against banks, governmental and public property similar to the one that took place last april, and i have already overheard youngsters in my neighbourhood joking about it and saying things like  this time we will be the first to loot, we did nt get anything the last time .
it s tough to make money branching out when your appeal is in your focus.
that the iraqi islamic party is now contemplating leaving the allawi government raises the question of whether a mass sunni arab boycott of the elections is in the offing, thus fatally weakening the legitimacy of any new government.
az  zaman  the association of muslim scholars forbade iraqis to participate in the attack on fallujah with the americans.
mosques are calling for donating blood, food, and medicine for fallujah, and several convoys have already headed out for fallujah, most of them returned later though.
as the survey cited in the above  linked article shows, most google users do nt intend to use gmail, and google is nt even as popular as yahoo and aol.
in a communique, the ams said that for iraqis to take part with  raiding forces  in the assault on a city, the population of which is muslim  such as fallujah  would be considered the most mortal of mortal sins.
if they continue to add features so they can justify their likely sky  high valuation, google risks losing a huge chunk of their customer base to the next keep  it  simple search engine.
the sunni ams told iraqis,  you sinned when you participated with occupation forces in the assault on najaf, and beware lest you repeat this same sin in fallujah.
remember that the occupation is emphemeral.
what irritates me is this sudden false  solidarity  between sunni and shiite clerics, we all know that they would be glad to get at each other s throats when they have the chance, and shia clerics were describing fallujan insurgents as  baathists ,  saddamites ,  wahhabis , and  terrorists  just a few days ago.
the radical shiite sadr movement issued a statement forbidding the participation of iraqi troops in the attack on fallujah, as well.
remember when a whole lot of people had to die because a swedish newspaper printed those cartoons of the prophet mohammed
so what happened
the statement said,  we direct an appeal at the men in the iraqi forces, whether national guards or others, the majority of whom are muslim, calling upon them to refrain for commiting this enormous sin under the banner of forces that do not respect our religion or any principles of basic humanity, and we ask them to view this war as illegal.
it called a  ploy  the assertaion that the attack was merely on foreign fighters at fallujah.
now iran wants to turn the tables and is inviting cartoonists to do their best by depicting the holocaust.
i guess it s just the old new arab  me against my brother, me and my brother against my cousin, me and my cousin against my enemy , or  the enemy of my enemy is my friend  thing going on again.
the convergence of views among the more militant sunni muslim clerics of ams and the radical shiites of the sadr movement has been seen before, last spring during the initial us assault on fallujah and during the us attack on mahdi army militiamen in najaf.
amazingly, these idiots think a cartoon of mohammed is comparable to what we can expect in this new fun contest
most shiites, however, are still reluctant to take major risks to support the sunnis of fallujah, many of whom had supported saddam and his antishiite pogroms.
speaking of fallujah, we have only al  jazeera to rely on for our news from there.
president bush pinched a few nerves yesterday with his choice of words
tehran  afp
an international contest of cartoons on the holocaust opened in tehran in response to the publication in western papers last september of caricatures of the prophet mohammed.
washington  reuters
they have sent over their top reporter ahmed mansour to the town, and he is spouting all kinds of propaganda hourly reminding me of al  sahhaf.
u.s. muslim groups criticized president bush on thursday for calling a foiled plot to blow up airplanes part of a  war with islamic fascists,  saying the term could inflame antimuslim tensions.
they are targetting ambulances ,  american snipers are shooting children and pregnant women , and  they are using cluster bombs against civilians  is all you get to hear from him.
u.s. officials have said the plot, thwarted by britain, to blow up several aircraft over the atlantic bore many of the hallmarks of al qaeda.
we staged this fair to explore the limits of freedom westerners believe in,  masoud shojai, head of the country s  iran cartoon  association and the fair organizer, said.
they can freely write anything they like about our prophet, but if one raises doubts about the holocaust he is either fined or sent to prison,  he added.
we believe this is an ill  advised term and we believe that it is counterproductive to associate islam or muslims with fascism,  said nihad awad, executive director of the council on american  islamic relations advocacy group.
which is why he did nt say we re at war with islamic people.
he did once make an unforgivable error when he mentioned that fallujan militants were shooting at the marines from the roofs of mosques and houses in hay al  golan, but of course that is okay for al  jazeera.
we re at war with islamic fascists.
though we do not deny that fact that jews were killed in the  second world  war, why should the palestinians pay for it
by using the word  islamic  as an adjective bush was purposely not associating muslims with fascism, hence the qualifier.
someone who called himself abu hafs from the ibn al  khattab brigades  another new group  was on al  jazeera describing the enormous casualties among the marines and he sweared that american soldiers were mutilating the bodies of dead insurgents.
shojai told the opening ceremony of the month  long fair in tehran s palestine contemporary art museum.
and if you have nt heard by now, the roster of suspected terrorists has not a tom, dick or harry among them
umir hussain, 24, london e14
muhammed usman saddique, 24, london e17
waheed zaman, 22, london e17
over 300 iraqis are reported dead and 500 wounded in fallujah alone.
assan abdullah khan, 22, london e17
he added that around 1,100 cartoons were submitted by participants from more than 60 countries and that more than 200 are on show.
waseem kayani, 28, high wycombe
al  iraqiyah tv said that icdc were controlling ramadi.
waheed arafat khan, 24, london e17
he said the top three cartoons will be announced on september2, with the winners being awarded prizes of 12,000, 8,000 and 5,000 dollars respectively.
cossor ali, 24, london e17
tayib rauf, 21, birmingham
this cute little stunt is only going to prove just how fanatic the extremist muslims are.
ibrahim savant, 26, london e17
when they saw a cartoon of their prophet, people had to die.
osman adam khatib, 20, london e17
azzaman newspaper mentioned an announcement signed by abdul aziz bin muqrin, an al  qaeda operative in saudi arabia on an islamic website  the voice of jihad , in which he stated that  although mutilating dead bodies is not originally permitted in islam, but in this case it is allowed if muslims use it against infidels to deter them from committing criminal actions .
when their precious cartoons are released i highly doubt it will look like the end of the world.
shamin mohammed uddin, 36, stoke newington
amin asmin tariq, 23, london e17
shazad khuram ali, 27, high wycombe
he added that  america does not understand anything except the language of force and retaliation, they were kicked out of somalia in humiliation after that soldier was dragged in mogadishu for the whole world to see , and that  the day will come when the dead bodies of americans and jews would be dragged, defiled, and stepped on in the arabian peninsula together with their agents and supporters .
tanvir hussain, 24, london e10
elena s motorcycle tour through the region around chernobyl has revived interest in one of the most serious nuclear disasters in history.
umar islam, 28,  born brian young  high wycombe
us marines moved into most of fallujah on wednesday, though they were still meeting pockets of resistance.
assad sarwar, 25, high wycombe
we all know what happened, but even to this day, there are many different versions and opinions on how it happened and what effect chernobyl will have on the health of people affected by the fallout.
abdullah ali, 26, london e17
abdul muneem patel, 17, london e5
update
nabeel hussain, 21, waltham forest lest you be confused with the suspects from an earlier plot foiled in canada a few months ago  fahim ahmad, 21, toronto
the fallujah fighting has killed fair numbers of iraqi noncombatants, including shaikh abdul wahhab al  janabi of the respected association of muslim scholars.
zakaria amara, 20, mississauga, ont.
now you can tour chernobyl and write your own story.
asad ansari, 21, mississauga
this is not a post about fault  finding or assigning blame.
shareef abdelhaleen, 30, mississauga
armed clashes broke out in several northern iraqi cities on wednesday, leaving some 22 persons dead in mosul, baiji, and tuz.
qayyum abdul jamal, 43, mississauga
it is a time to learn what happened and how it may affect the future.
mohammed dirie, 22, kingston, ont.
yasim abdi mohamed, 24, kingston
jahmaal james, 23, toronto
amin mohamed durrani, 19, toronto
steven vikash chand alias abdul shakur, 25, toronto
hundreds of persons mounted demonstrations against the fallujah campaign in tikrit and huwaijah, as well, according to az  zaman.
ahmad mustafa ghany, 21, mississauga
there was a soothing authoritative unscear  united nations scientific committee on the effects of atomic radiation  report in 2000 on the health effects of chernobyl confirming that there was no scientific evidence of any significant radiation  related health effects to most people exposed.
saad khalid, 19, of eclipse avenue, mississauga.
we ve got a steven, the one word that did nt crash my spell  check, despite it being followed by a vikash chand abdul shakur.
the battles and demonstrations were provoked by the us assault on fallujah.
folks, if it s islamic, and fascist, it s an islamic fascist.
this was heavily promoted by the australasian radiation protection society in a press release titled the myths of chernobyl which contained the following
but because we do nt want to sound hateful we must pretend everyone s a possible suspect and make airline travel more miserable than it s ever been.
on the internet site of monotheism and holy war  al  tawhid wa al  jihad , the group allegedly declared,  we announce that the tawhid and jihad group, its prince and soldiers, have pledged allegiance to the sheikh of the mujahideen osama bin laden.
guerrillas threatened to assassinate prime minister iyad allawi and minister of defense hazem shaalan in retaliation for the attack.
this pledge is a new development.
one of the most widespread myths of recent times is that the chernobyl nuclear reactor accident in 1986 caused many thousands of extra cancer deaths in neighbouring regions, and that public health has been severely affected by exposure to radiation.
abu musab al  zarqawi and his group are said to have been bitter rivals of al  qaeda during the afghan resistance days.
allawi s aged cousin and the man s wife and daughter  in  law were abducted and guerrillas threaten to behead them if the fallujah compaign is not stopped.
one witness at the moutasaddiq trial in germany alleged that zarqawi had not allowed monotheism and holy war to share resources with al  qaeda in the early zeroes of the 21st century.
many people still believe that to be true, even though the ministry of russian federation on civil defence, emergencies and elimination of conseguences of natural disasters  emercom of russia  reported this in 1996
if the statement is true, it is a worrying sign that even the divided small radical guerrilla groups are being  picked up  by al  qaeda.
in iraqi society, pm allawi is responsible for protecting his clan, including especially his first cousins, so this kidnapping makes him look weak and brings substantial shame on him.
chernobyl accident  ten years on
this consolidation is obviously a result of bush s aggressive invasion of iraq and of the botching of the aftermath.
it is a setback for the war on terror.
al  qaeda in afghanistan was a group of only a few hundred  afghan arabs  who pledged personal loyalty to usamah bin laden.
it could notionally be expanded to encompass the 5,000  strong  55th brigade  of the taliban regime, though this is not the technical definition.
the us marines took most of fallujah wednesday, but still face pockets of resistance.
because usamah is saudi, my guess is that they were especially influenced by an extremist form of the wahhabi school of islam that predominates among saudia s some 15 million citizens.
in 1998 they were joined by egyptians from the al  jihad al  islami group of ayman al  zawahiri  many of these were from upper egypt, especially asyut and environs .
in the last decade, there has been a real and significant increase in childhood and, to a certain extent, adult carcinoma of the thyroid in contaminated regions of the former soviet union  wi940  which should be attributed to the chernobyl accident until proven otherwise.
after that point, al  qaeda was a joint enterprise between the egyptian extremists and the polyglot arabs around bin laden, only some of whom were saudi.
zarqawi is a jordanian, and his monotheism and holy war group in afghanistan probably had a distinctive coloration as mainly jordanian, palestinian and syrian.
if samarra and other cities are any guide, those pockets of resistance could go on bedeviling the us for some time to come.
they also had a special connection to some extremists in jordan and germany.
they are probably especially oriented toward the salafi school of modern islamic thought, which has a protestant  like emphasis on going back to the original practice of the early companions of the prophet muhammad.
the prestigious iaea  international atomic energy agency  published an early report on chernobyl which was based on information from russian sources and stated that there was no significant health effects.
most salafis are not militant or violent, though they tend to be rather narrow  minded in my experience, on the order of protestant pietists .
the intrepid ed wong of the nyt has more on the sunni boycott of the elections.
monotheism and holy war obviously does have a violent interpretation of salafism, rather as the the leaders of the so  called german peasant rebellion among early protestants did.
however, in april 2001, the iaea published fifteen years after the chernobyl accident  lessons learned. which contradict the earlier reports.
he reports that the iraqi islamic party, which had earlier been absolutely committed to getting out the sunni vote, is now wavering and saying their position will depend on the situation.
another worrisome sign is that local iraqi sunni fundamentalists opposed to the us presence in iraq have begun joining monotheism and holy war, and wearing its distinctive orange and black insignia.
these have been sighted among iraqi crowds on haifa street in baghdad and in samarra.
here are some excerpts
so now there are hundreds of al  qaeda members in iraq where there had been none before.
the outbreak of demonstrations and violence throughout the sunni arab regions on wednesday did not bode well for sunni participation in the january elections.
the consolidation of smaller local radical fundamentalist groups with al  qaeda can also be seen in the case of the fizazi group in tangiers that morphed into the moroccan islamic combatant group, had members who met with september 11 ringleader muhammad atta, and ultimately was in part responsible for the madrid train bombings.
jim lobe has more on the political implications of the fallujah assault, both in iraq and in washington.
the september 11 panel will issue its findings on thursday.
the dramatic increase in radiation  induced thyroid cancers in children and adolescents in belarus, russia, and ukraine, which have been observed since 1991, continues to this day.
it notes 10 points at which the us made key mistakes that might have stopped bin laden s plot.
for some black satire on fallujah, see unconfirmed sources which has some fun with my weblog.
four of these were under clinton and6 under bush.
am at a conference and ca nt blog much right now but will try to catch up the next couple of days.
... a drop in the birth rate, a deterioration in women s reproductive health, an increase in complications during pregnancy and birth, and a deterioration in neonatal health ....
bush came out today and said that if he had known what was coming, he would have expended every effort to stop it, and that so would have clinton.
the hottest item on christmas wish lists this year is nuclear weapons.
this statement is, despite its facade of fair  mindedness, so many weasel words.
al  qaeda wants them, iran wants them, russia wants the better ones, and all the us wants is to give them all a piece of coal.
of course bush would have tried to stop 911 if he had known it was coming.
the question is,  should he have known it was coming
the answer is,  yes
we now know that bush and his administration came into office obsessed with iraq.
cheney was looking at maps of iraq oil fields and muttering about opportunities for us companies there, already in january or february of 2001.
the dynamics of change in the state of health of children affected by the chernobyl accident in all three countries  belarus, russia, and ukraine  in the postaccident period is characterized by persistent negative tendencies  the morbidity rate is going up, the number of really healthy children is dropping, and disability is increasing.
for the last few years there have been tensions with iran s nuclear program with word coming this week that a deal was reached through the european union that meets with the approval of the international atomic energy agency.
wolfowitz contradicted counterterrorism czar richard clarke when the latter spoke of the al  qaeda threat, insisting that the preeminent threat of terrorism against the us came from iraq, and indicating he accepted laurie mylroie s crackpot conspiracy theory that saddam was behind the 1993 world trade towers bombing.
as a parent, i can well imagine how painful it must be for those families whose children are succumbing to radiation poisoning.
if you believe crackpot theories instead of focusing on the reality  that was an al  qaeda operation mainly carried out by al  gamaa al  islamiyyah, an egyptian terrorist component allied with bin laden  then you will concentrate on the wrong threat.
at the same time, an iranian opposition group released what they call proof of a covert nuclear weapons program.
even after the attacks on september 11, bush was obsessing about iraq.
wolfowitz lied to him and said that there was a 10 to 50  chance that iraq was behind them.
there is a lot to learn about chernobyl.
on what evidence
arial photos, loose connections to aq kahn and libya make up the evidence that the group presented.
the hijackers were obviously al  qaeda, and no operational links between al  qaeda and iraq had ever been found .
being well  informed will give you certainty and that is desirable in a world of conflicting reports.
rumsfeld initially rejected an attack on al  qaeda bases in afghanistan, saying there were  no good targets  in afghanistan.
russia also announced that it was seeking and building the best nukes the world s ever seen.
what about 40 al  qaeda bases that had trained the 911 hijackers and other terrorists gunning for the united states
there are a wealth of references on chernobyl.
the pentagon did not even have a plan for dealing with afghanistan or al  qaeda that it could pull off the shelf, according to bob woodward.
bush did not have his eye on the ball.
president vladimir putin said russia is will have new nuclear weapons that other countries do not and will not have.
neither did cheney, rumsfeld, or wolfowitz.
they were playing captain ahab to saddam s great white whale.
imperial hubris makes the case that lots of people in the cia and counterterrorism divisions elsewhere in the us government knew all about bin laden and the threat he posed.
read some of the following links and draw your own conclusions.
they were from all accounts marginalized and not listened to.
with the demand so high, the question arises on to who should be or has the right to be the santa of nuclear weapons.
bush demoted dick clarke, among the most vocal and focused of the al  qaeda experts, from his cabinet.
these links present the many viewpoints that existed and still exist about the disaster called chernobyl
dick could never thereafter get any real cooperation from the cabinet officers, who outranked him, and he could not convince them to go to battle stations in the summer of 2001 when george tenet s hair was  on fire  about the excited chatter the cia was picking up from radical islamist terrorists.
right now that seems to be the us, eu, and iaea.
as for the clinton administration, let me say one thing in its defense.
clinton had worked out a deal with pakistani prime minister nawaz sharif in summer of 1999 that would have allowed the us to send a special ops team in after bin laden in qandahar, based from pakistan.
iaea report lessons learned
i presume you need the pakistan base for rescue operations in case anything went wrong.
but not always do those three agree, and not always are their decisions equal.
you also need pakistani air space.
httpwww.ibiblio.orgexposoviet.exhibitchernobyl.html
the plan was all set and could have succeeded.
but in fall of 1999, gen. pervez musharraf made a coup against nawaz sharif.
the pakistani army was rife with elements protective of the taliban, and the new military government reneged on the deal.
musharraf told clinton he could nt use pakistani soil or air space to send the team in against bin laden.
look at a map and you try to figure out how, in fall of 1999, you could possibly pull off such an operation without pakistani facilities.
the us has strongly opposed a nuclear weapons program of iran, yet israel, which to this day has never officially said that they posses nuclear weapons, ranks around fifth in nuclear strength.
of course, you could just go in by main force.
httpwww.ibrae.ac.ruibraeengchernobylnatrepnatrepe.htm24
but for those of you tempted in that direction, please look up carter s tabas operation.
it is estimated that israel has over 200 nuclear weapons yet neither the us nor any of her allies expresses the slightest concern.
it should be easily googled.
north korea s kim jong ill also has the bomb at the top of his list and santa seems to have already come a few years ago.
clinton tried, and tried hard.
httpwww.nsrl.ttu.educhernobylwildlifepreserve.htm
the gods were nt with us on that one.
httpwww.environmentalchemistry.comyogihazmatarticleschernobyl1.html
that is how i want you to refer to me as  the king
it is rumored that north korea has at least a couple nuclear weapons.
i do nt think so.
httpdigonva.tripod.comchernobyl.htm
i m the king
but getting past who should get them, is who has them, and who is really close.
yeah
httpwww.oneworld.orgindexocissue196byckau.html
sounds exciting.
the case against iran has a feeling of deja vu.
want to go to dinner with me before you have your  matt time
httpwww.collectinghistory.netchernobyl
probablyl gon na just kick it
arial photos of the lab were uranium is being enriched, somewhat like those of chemical weapons stockpiles in iraq.
you know, whatever.
america cried wolf in iraq, and what s scary is that sooner or later, that wolf will probably get us.
i will let you know later.
httpwww.ukrainianweb.comchernobylukraine.htm
what are you doing tonight.
i ran across this item on the internet.
like what
httpwww.bullatomsci.orgissues1993s93s93marples.html
i can think of a few things
sooooo.
you r retarded.
i used to have one.
they are great dogs.
the united states goes into a war zone and evacuates a bunch of u.s. citizens  most of whom were  dual  citizens  .
cocker spaniels are retarded.
httpwww.calguard.ca.goviachernobyl1520years.htm
why do you think i should get one of those
then, eschewing normal procedure, the department of state waived the fees that they charge for evacuating u.s. citizen.
ca nt believe you left last night.
httpwww.infoukes.comhistorychornobylgregorovichindex.html
nice sarcasm.
why
that s fine, i do nt want to see you either, i just need to make a cd.
httpwww.un.orghachernobyl
i ca nt wait
i was thinking somewhere that requires a jacket, like tony s.
someplace that is like  30 an entree.
yeah, i was thinking somewhere like mcdonald s.
httpwww.tecsoc.orgpubshistory2002apr26.htm
that may be too nice though.
what do you think
to pander to the mythical  arab street , of course.
we can go somewhere nice.
httpwww.chernobyl.org.ukpage2.htm
real nice.
now, i would argue that one could have reasonably predicted that some form of military violence was likely to occur in lebanon  considering that the country has been experiencing some form of conflict for approximately the last 32 years .
oh.
httpwww.time.comtimedailychernobyl860901.accident.html
my bad.
in other words, those americans were there by their own choice, mired in a situation that was totally predictable.
i must have had you messed up with some other girl i made the bet with.
bet
yet we did nt charge them for the evacuation.
really, i have no idea what you re talking about.
this is unlike the situation last year in asia when we evacuated u.s. citizens from areas that were hit by the tsunami  a phenomenon that is much less predictable than the hezbollah  provoked destruction that rained down on lebanon.
you must be thinking of someone else.
and what do we get for this effort
i do nt even like am, i would nt bet on them.
httpwww.infoukes.comhistorychornobylelg
colorado beat texas am.
a lawsuit.
i know you remember the bet.
httpwww.worldnuclear.orginfochernobylinf07.htm
no.
that s right, folks.
i got her number though.
httpwww.nea.frhtmlrpchernobylconclusions5.html
i want to hook up with that girl paige in the brown leather jacket.
the american  arab discrimination committee is suing condoleeza rice and donald rumsfeld, charging that they mismanaged the evacuation efforts.
what happened to you
i had a blast that night.
httpwww.nea.frhtmlrpchernobylc01.html
did you hook up with that blonde chick saturday night
here s an excerpt from the article
no i am not lying.
httpwww.nea.frhtmlrpchernobylc05.html
i flew here last night.
nina chahine, 19, who with her family was among the named plaintiffs in the lawsuit, said her wedding in the southern city of tyre was set for july 13.
are you lying
httpwww.physics.isu.eduradinfchern.htm
i am out of town.
i am in portland.
you can buy me dinner when we get back.
the wedding had to be postponed as family members fled the outbreak of the war, she said.
i am sure they are.
httpwww.chernobyl.infoen
houston wo nt be too affected bc most of the layoffs affect satelite offices.
we were on the road and the first bridge was bombed and we drove home and all the other bridges were bombed and there was absolutely no way for us to get home,  chahine told reporters outside federal court in detroit.
economy should be good here.
httpwww.arps.org.auchernobyl.htm
hopefully she does nt hose you.
we were all american citizens and there was no way that anybody helped us.
i ll probably start looking next weekend.
i heard that more may be going up for sale in the next month or do.
httpwwwformal.stanford.edujmcprogresschernobyl.html
someone told me that chase is planning a shitload of layoffs.
no communications nothing.
i am not sure how reliable that is, though.
i was on my way to my wedding fearing death, basically.
she is waiting to see if she can get financing.
chahine said her immediate family spent about  20,000 to return to detroit via syria and jordan.
mike mcconnell
dear nina,
07062000 1457
httpwww.21stcenturysciencetech.comarticleschernobyl.html
john,
here s a tip  do nt get married in countries that house illegal militias that attack other countries and hence are likely to come under counterattack
hello from south america.
i just got your email and i certainly concur with jeff making the call.
i would be interested in hearing what conclusions you reached and what you found that was most convincing.
he has maintained a good relationship with mulva.
this was a risk that we had but we did have assurances from phillips regarding performance.
i do nt know how much it will help however.
crap like this sure makes me want to rush right out and rescue people from dilemmas of their own making.
richard harper and mary nell browning may have some ideas here but i am sure you ve already gone through it with them.
radiation
i am amazed how the details get fuzzy on an old project.
though i am loathe to quote other writers at legnth in this space, this little bit from dan froomkin s  white house briefing  column in the washpost today is just too good to pass up  read the whole column here
when you discussed it, i was trying to think back to our remedies and discussions but the3 years have made it difficult.
at the ask the president event on friday, one of the questions was about whether bush has any thoughts about his memoirs.
i do nt know if there is anything i can do but i m always willing to help.
as a child in the 50s i had a lot of glandular problems and they treated it with radiation therapy  primitive at best   and stopped when a lesion on my neck started enlarging  they said it was not ca but stopped the treatments ....
good luck,
remember the old shoe sizing machines that was a form of radiation xray
mike
these guys tried the ken lay route.
that too was stopped.
now they are part of your working group.
this is one example of what happens when bush gets a question that he has nt anticipated.
hilary e. ackermann goldman sachs credit risk management  advisory phone  2129023724 fax  2124281181 email  hilary.ackermanngs.com
dear mr. lavorato
following up on your and ken lay s conversation with gary cohn, i would like to forward the following proposal, acting for each of goldman sachs capital markets and j. aron.
hilary e. ackermann goldman sachs credit risk management  advisory phone  2129023724 fax  2124281181 email  hilary.ackermanngs.com
q thank you  i was wondering, there s a lot of talk right now about memoirs being written with the former president.
not going well
do nt have to mention what radiation has done and is still doing to hirsohima  nagaski folks  there can be no doubts about the effects of radiation in chernobyl .......
hello louise,
after you are elected in 2004, what will your memoirs say about you, what will the title be, and what will the main theme say
i know you must be going nuts with all the events, so i have not called.
the president  i appreciate that.
hope you will be sorted.
the chernobyl children s project  httpwww.adiccp.orghomedefault.asp  offers several ways to help the children of that region.
call me if you have time.
laughter.
m
please update daily
one of them is the rest and recuperation program, wherein a child can come to the us for a few weeks in the summer.
louise,
there is a painting on my wall in the oval  first of all, i do nt know.
there are only two counterparties at this time who have overdue margin
original margin call margin due today
even a little time spent receiving wholesome, uncontaminated food, good medical care, etc. can add years to their lives.
kinder morgan  3,500,000  1,250,000
aep  19,250,000  38,750,000
i m just speculating now.

s. and i have an acquaintance who has hosted several of these children for many years  to see these little ones breaks the heart.
totals  22,750,000  40,000,000
i really have nt thought about writing a book.
please let us know if you need any additional information.
my life is too complicated right now trying to do my job.
stephanie
not sure, but i assume that the bluegrass songbook is mine.
the urge to protect and gather them all in is almost overwhelming, and makes me more grateful for the blessings i have.
is it for guitar
laughter.
i ll need to ponder.
take care, my friend, linda
i ll try to get back to you pronto.
but if  there s a painting on the wall in the oval office that shows a horseman charging up a steep cliff, and there are at least two other horsemen following.
fyi.
we have this report
i m sorry to say elena s story has been revealed to be a fake.
hi david
it s a western scene by a guy named w.h.s. koerner called  a charge to keep.
thought that you might be interested.
what do the new al  qaeda videotape and audio speeches of bin laden and ayman al  zawahiri tell us about the hopes of the remaining top leadership of the organization
best,
because the us and pakistan have managed to capture or kill about2  3s of the top 25 al  qaeda commanders, the middle managers are not in close contact with al  zawahiri and bin laden.
jeff
the tape was a way to signal priorities.
well, he launched today.
it s on loan, by the way, from a guy named joe oneill in midland, texas.
have you seen the materials from the press conference that he launched today
i think this is actually a good thing  makes our proposal look like a much more preferable alternative by comparison, makes our support in the process more important, and sets harvey up as the ralph nader equivalent in the election to fix california s broken system  a potential spoiler.
these are1  assassinate or overthrow gen. pervez musharraf, the pakistani military  president  who had made a coup in 1999 and has thrown in his lot with the united states against the taliban and al  qaeda.
hi.
he was the person, he and his wife jan, introduced  reintroduced me and laura in his backyard in july of 1977.
well, would nt you know it.
four months later, we were married.
i m not driving tonite, but i bet that we could hitch a ride back with anil.
musharraf has been trying to purge his officer corps of the substantial number of al  qaeda sympathizers.
i m not sure, but i think that he s got class tonite, too.
i ll search him out before class or after that break and see if i can set it up.
so he s got a  i m a decision  maker and i can make good decisions.
daily dose on enron
his military intelligence has captured major figures like abu zubayda and khalid shaykh muhammad, as well as nearly 500 other al  qaeda operatives, over 400 of whom the pakistanis have turned over to the us.
we are finished.
i need to now get a job at house of pies bc that is the only way to pay the bills.
applause.
musharraf held elections in october of 2002, in which center  right parties did well, but in which nearly 20 percent of parliament seats went to the fundamentalist religious party coalition, mma.
the economy is down and when enron collapses, the energy industry is going to be in a world of hurt.
and so we sang this hymn  this is a long story trying to get to your answer.
not to mention the market is going to be flooded with enron folks.
mma also captured the northwest frontier province, which probably shelters bin laden and al  zawahiri, and is in a joint government of baluchistan province, also on the afghanistan border.
ca nt go to any more lsu games unless i get a free ticket.
since work has gone to hell, i am hoping to find some excitement in the possibility that lsu may play in the cotton bowl  if rohan  alabama  davey shows up for the next3 games.
laughter.
however, do not purchase tickets until it is a done deal  a lesson i learned following the ark game last season.
if al  qaeda can kill musharraf or instigate a military coup against him by islamist junior officers, they can hope to catapult the mma to power as political allies and hosts.
httpwww.theadvocate.comsportsstory.aspstoryid16473
they would thereby gain control of a major base for terrorist operations, which is also a nuclear power.
httpwww.theadvocate.comsportsstory.aspstoryid16475
this is not a filibuster.
httpwww.nola.comlsutpfootballindex.ssflsustorylsunotes08.html
all this is highly unlikely, as with most al  qaeda crackpot schemes.
httpwww.nola.comlsutpfootballindex.ssflsustorysecnotes08.html
but so was it unlikely that a small group of arab mujahidin would virtually take over afghanistan.
httpwww.nola.comlsutpfootballindex.ssflsustorylsufoe08.html
response  the us must do whatever it can to strengthen the legitimacy of the pakistani government.
i have stronger will than you think.
house of pies here i come.
laughter.
i am sure i could have persuaded you to give me some action.
on the one hand, it should pressure musharraf to take off his uniform and run for president in a fair election, and to repeal the contentious  legal framework order  that essentially perpetuates his dictatorship.
why is enron blowing up
that s a senate term  particularly on good judges.
i did nt want you to go.
on the other, restrictions should be lifted on the mainstream muslim league  n and pakistan people s party, who can defeat the mma in fair elections if not hogtied by the secret police.
i was just going to sleep anyway.
applause.
i was too tired to give you any action.
the hymn was sung at my first inaugural church service as governor.
enron is blowing up.
vince,
we are still trying to work the pse swap transaction, now that the forex desk has been able to find a fix for cpi in the market.
laura and i are methodists.
further to my voicemail, our colleagues in credit are calculating the reserve on the pse swap.
on the other hand, the us should strong  arm india and pakistan into a final settlement of the kashmir issue.
they are currently using 9.5  fixed based on the1 year implied volatility.
one of the wesley boys wrote the hymn.
al  zawahiri attempted to use musharraf s lack of progress in helping the muslims of that indian state as a justification for his overthrow.
volatility of usd  dm has been in the range of between7  and 11 .
the kashmir issue generates far more terrorism, and even the threat of nuclear war, than iraq ever did.
can one of your research staff justify a suitable 20 year volalatility number for usd  euro.
the painting is based upon the hymn called,  a charge to keep.
ideally, we would like a fast turnaround.
2  target israel and encourage the worst elements of the palestinians by playing on the iron fist policies of the sharon government.
in addition, is there someone who could consider the correlation between us cpi and the   euro exchange rate.
the credit guys are currently assuming that there is no correlation and may consequently be double dipping the credit reserve on this basis too.
i have.
grateful for any help or suggestions you could provide.
response  the us has succeeded in politically isolating hamas, and started the process of cutting off its funding.
sid
vincent,
the hymn talks about serving something greater than yourself in life.
i met you at the risk conference last week in houston.
this terrorist organization can now only pull off far less sophisticated bombings and attacks.
i enjoyed your presentations very much.
i  which i try to do, as best as i possibly can.
i was wondering if you could give me some references regarding the calculation of correlation coefficients from a garch model.
it should continue to be defanged.
thank you.
applause.
but sharon s iron fist is simply not working as a means of establishing general peace, and the bush administration will have to finally apply effective pressure on sharon to stop his outrages in and colonization of the west bank and gaza.
magali van belle consultant phb hagler bailly management and economic consultants phb hagler bailly, inc.  202  8283933 direct dial 1776 eye street, n.w.  202  2963858 facsimile washington, d.c. 200063700 mvanbellhaglerbailly.com email
the book  i guess one way, one thing to think about it is  one of the themes would be, i was given a charge to keep.
andrew edisonenron
sharon s hard line has worked in tandem with hamas s terrorism to ratchet up tensions further and further, which spill over into the muslim world and serve as a recruiting tool for al  qaeda in its search for agents willing to hit the united states.
06022001 1053 am
i have settled the ecogas  enron  randy maffett lawsuit.
no need to thank me, just send me gifts.
and i gave it all my heart, all my energy, based upon principles that did not change once i got into the oval office.
seriously, i talked this morning with tom hall and we agreed that ecogas would pay him  53,000.
israel owes the united states at least this much, in this crisis, to cease militarily unnecessary provocations and establish genuine peace.
hall has agreed to release enron, ecogas, maffett and every affiliate, related party and subsidiary.
he will also release any and all patent issues.
the goal is for him to move on with his life and for us to move on as well.
applause.
i have asked doug daniels to prepare the settlement papers reflecting such an agreement.
3  make iraq another afghanistan, using the republican right s own tactics against them.
please handle.
now that s a rambling response.
becky stephensenron
and i have to wonder  did he forget that he already has a memoir called  a charge to keep
06122000 1020 am
response  iraq is actually hostile territory for al  qaeda, and without iraqi sympathizers it can not succeed there.
richard, below is a list of oc invoices sent to you for approval on 53000.
by moving quickly to iraqi sovereignty and improvement of iraqi lives, the us may be able to get iraqis on its side, so that they turn in the foreigners.
please verify receipt at your earliest convenience.
that was the name of his  autobiography   ghost  written by adviser karen hughes in 1999.
thank you for your help in tracking these invoices.
certainly, the shiites already hate al  qaeda and would help  likewise the kurds.
holland  hart, llp   432785 dated 41400
there has been random speculation about google developiong a new browser and  or acquiring firefox.
michael l. beatty  associates, pc   10461,  10469   10468 dated 52800.
it is true that google has been in acquisition mode.
becky a. stephens litigation unit, enron corp. 7138535025 eb 4809
the problem of mollifying the sunnis, though, has to be solved to avoid giving al  qaeda an entree.
i am on board.
they have acquired urchin, zipdash, applied semantics, picasa, blogger, and satellite imaging company keyhole, so why not firefox
if the px comes back again, i will call their in  house attys.
christian yoder  enronenronxgate
the americans have to put away their free  market fetishism for a while and find ways of creating jobs and pumping money into iraqi households.
06042001 0554 pm
can you pass this along to elizabeth to ensure sanders is on board as well
we need an fdr in iraq, not a ronald reagan.
we are renewing our lcs on a month to month basis for the px per sanders.
i have no inside information, but i have been following links today that strongly indicate that google is damn serious about securing permanent control of the leading edge browser technology in firefox.
however, the request below is to  replenish  the cash that was drawn down ... please advise.
of course, the sooner the us soldiers can be withdrawn in favor of less  provocative local or international forces, the better.
i agree with steve s position stated in his separate email.
do nt give these guys a penny.
cgy
tracy, do we have concerns here.
ben goodger is the lead engineer for mozilla firefox.
we pointed out to the px that there was excess credit.
getting the spanish out of iraq is nt nearly as good a rallying cry for al  qaeda in the arab world as getting the americans and british out.
by using collateral to pay these bills are we not keeping required levels available
sara,
attached below is davis thames  presentation regarding the proposed project bruin.
he announced this in january
i will forward the draft bear stearns term sheet separately.
the thing to keep in mind is that sunni arab nationalists and baathists and local sunni radicals are likely to remain far more dangerous to the us in iraq than al  qaeda infiltrators, and it would be dangerous to take one s eyes off the former ball.
paul
george w. bush alleged thursday that john edwards lacks the experience necessary to be president.
team, sorry for the delay on getting this around.
as of january 10, 2005, my source of income changed from the mozilla foundation to google, inc. of mountain view, california.
please advise when you can meet to discuss issues related to your area.
the problem with this argument is that bush lacked the experience necessary to be president when he ran in 2000, so this sort of cheap shot just hoists him by his own petard.
thanks
let s just remember a seminal bush moment in 1999
davis
bush fails reporter s pop quiz on international leaders
clint
my role with firefox and the mozilla project will remain largely unchanged, i will continue doing much the same work as i have described above  with the new goal of successful 1.1, 1.5 and 2.0 releases.
i spoke with mike collins  2037198385  phone  and 2037197031  fax   who conrfirmed to me that the cap included the remaining 2.5  million remaining shares.
november5, 1999
please return an executed copy of confirm to me.
i remain devoted full  time to the advancement of firefox, the mozilla platform and web browsing in general.
thanks.
he also announced this in january
sara
welcome darin
my assistant joanne rozycki has cell, car numbers to reach me.
i just want to extend a big  welcome   to darin darin fisher who joined me at google this week.
i ll be back on monday.
web posted at  329 p.m. est  2029 gmt
sara shackleton enron wholesale services 1400 smith street, eb 3801a houston, tx 77002 ph   713  8535620 fax   713  6463490
2005 is going to rock
thanks.
ss
sara,
currently we have a blank  sample  for our paragraph 13s which are attached to our sample isdas for  a  us corporate,  b  hedge funds,  c  municipal.
darin fisher wrote this response on january 25, 2005
i will extract the one for the us corporate paragraph 13 and email to your contact  first union securities.
washington  cnn
the sample includes our  caveat , so it should be fine.
me and the big  g
susan
texas gov. george w. bush is enduring sharp criticism for being unable to name the leaders of four current world hot spots, but president bill clinton says bush  should, and probably will, pick up  those names.
susan
following on the heels of ben s annoucement yesterday, i thought i d post that i have joined google as well.
like ben, i will still be very much involved with the mozilla project and community
while tanya is reviewing credit, can you please send a  blank form paragraph 13  for this master.
just our standard.
the front  runner for the 2000 republican presidential nomination faltered thursday in an international affairs pop quiz posed by andy hiller, a political reporter for whdh  tv in boston.
caveat  subject to credit review even though there are blanks.
posted by darin
thanks.
bush
sara
ben made another announcement on march 28, 2005
first union securities, inc.
hiller asked bush to name the leaders of chechnya, taiwan, india and pakistan.
hi sara,
i want to use this opportunity to welcome brian ryner to google
i just wanted to follow up on whether you will have a chance to send a draft credit support annex  similar in form to the one previously executed with ena .
i understand you may not have credit approval yet so perhaps we can leave the appropriate sections blank in the meantime.
bush was only able to give a partial response to the query on the leader of taiwan, referring to taiwanese president lee teng  hui simply as  lee.
thanks and regards,
brian has been one of the most crucial elements to the success of mozilla software over the past few years, ...
he could not name the others.
vijay k. suchdev vice president equity derivatives first union securities, inc. telephone   212  9090951 facsimile   212  8915042 email  vijay.suchdevfunb.com  mailtovijay.suchdevfunb.com
great to have you on board
michael olsenenron
12072000 0229 pm
daren,
can you name the general who is in charge of pakistan
i was wondering if it would be ok for me to sit in with you one day to get a general feel of your end of the process.
hiller asked, inquiring about gen. pervaiz musharraf, who seized control of the country october 12.
pat had told me before he left that it would help me better grasp the process as a whole.
now, none of this has been confirmed by google at the present time, but it s an old adage that you follow the money to see who is behind something.
i understand the imminent cold weather is making things crazy, so now may not be the best time to be in your way.
wait, wait, is this 50 questions   asked bush.
but let me know if i can spend a day, morning, or even just an afternoon down there with you whenever it is a good time.
i think it will help me very much in my role.
thanks.
mike
the new fixed price deal with equistar is  365013.
d
in this case, following the talent leads me to think that google will be making an announcement this year that formalizes the google  mozilla  firefox relationship.
daren
hiller replied   no, it s four questions of four leaders in four hot spots. ...
we just did a deal for the rest of the month for 10,000  d at meter  1552 qe 1   4.355 .... can you let me and robert lloyd know what the sitara  is
if you have not already seen the flash movie epic, you should take a few minutes and view the future history of media as conceived by robin sloan and matt thompson, with music by aaron mcleran.
thanks
in this movie google and amazon  googlezon  create a brave new world of media in 2008.
melissa,
bush, in answering the question about the leader of pakistan, also said   the new pakistani general, he s just been elected  not elected, this guy took over office.
i show that we also had 20.000 at ls hpl for the 13th.
this is one thought  provoking film.
every move google makes brings this particular future closer.
it appears this guy is going to bring stability to the country and i think that s good news for the subcontinent.
daren
just one small commment  it s not possible, as far as i know, for google to  aquire  firefox.
august 11, 2000
they already have rights to take it, alter it, and release those changes to the world  this is what the whole open source thing is about.
teco tap 108.333  hpl iferc  20.000  enron
ls hpl lsk ic 20.000  enron
gore released a statement friday taking bush to task for his comments on pakistan s recent coup.
august 12, 2000
i find it troubling that a candidate for president in our country  the world s oldest democracy  would characterize the military takeover as  good news,  gore said.
i m inclined to say that google is doing what they can to both shape and support the growth of the most popular nonmicrosoft browser out there  by taking on the leading lights in firefox development, they re ensuring the continued life of the project, and ensuring  not that i think they need to  that their voice will be heard admidst the higher echelons of the firefox development team.
teco tap 85.000  hpl iferc  20.000  enron
further, i find it even more disturbing that he made these comments about a nation that just last year tested nuclear weapons  shortly after voicing his public opposition to the comprehensive test ban treaty.
ls hpl lsk ic 20.000  enron
it s this sort of enlightened self interest that keeps large open source projects alive.
august 13, 2000
teco tap 32.500  hpl iferc  20.000  enron
a spokesman for president clinton also criticized bush s comments.
i m working hard for you
fascinating viewpoint of the future in epic.
now at 83.5.
i need a new lawnmower, so i ll try to bump it up a little more.
hope you re doing good.
d
it is very dangerous for this country to condone the overthrow of democratically elected governments,  said david leavy, spokesman for the national security council.

thanks for the link.
keep up the good work.
not only did bush not know who general pervez musharraf was, he seems to have confused coup  making with  taking office,  and moreover went on to suggest that the overthrow of an elected prime minister and the installation in power of the pakistan military, then the world s strongest supporter of the taliban, would bring  stability

malach, what you say makes sense.
we at home love it at  80
musharraf made his coup in part because of the military s anger over prime minister nawaz sharif s willingness to back down from confronting india over kashmir, so that he explicitly came to power as a warmonger.

acquiring open source talent gives a company an inexpensive way of influencing and anticipating the direction an open source project will go.
ken
it probably gives more bang for the buck than acquiring a private company and having to handle the inevitable culture clashes and process mismatches.
these have been sold.
i ca nt tell you how ominous i found bush s performance in that interview.
i still remember him stuttering about  the general,  unable to remember musharraf s name.
geoff,
thanks for the pictures.
the coalition decision to provoke a fight with muqtada al  sadr s movement only three months before the coalition provisional authority goes out of business has to be seen as a form of gross incompetence in governance.
looks like the kids had a great time
i hope you do nt mind, but i ve taken liberty to turn them into a web photo album at http24.27.98.30pictures0805garrettgaylebday.
he obviously had no idea what he was talking about, though he demonstrated a number of ill  fated instincts.
if you want to pass this web site address along to other folks, feel free.
how did the cpa get to the point where it has turned even iraqi shiites, who were initially grateful for the removal of saddam hussein, against the united states
if you want a cd copy of this web site, give me a yell.
thanks,
ram tackett,  mailtortackettabacustech.net  owner, abacus technologies 17611 loring lane, spring, tx 773885746  281  6517106  fax  281  5288636 web  httpwww.abacustech.net
ram tackett  email  .vcf 4222
debra perlingiere
please give me a call to discuss nov transaction.
he obviously liked authoritarian rule better than democracy, equating dictatorship with  stability.
debra perlingiere
where it risks fighting dual sunni arab and shiite insurgencies simultaneously, at a time when us troops are rotating on a massive scale and hoping to downsize their forces in country
are you free for lunch some day this week
and, he did nt think he needed to know anything about south asia, with its nuclear giants and radical religious politics  the latter a dire security threat to the us.
also, i have an extra ticket for the comets game on sat. you said you wanted to go
the game is at 12  sat  compaq center.
at a time when the spanish, thai and other contingents are already committed to leaving, and the un is reluctant to get involved
he could nt tell when things were becoming more unstable as opposed to less.
would love for you to join us.
i am bringing two of my girlfriends from lj.
debra perlingiere
stacey here is the master draft we discussed.
musharraf went on to play nuclear brinkmanship with india in 2002, risking war twice that year.
i am sending you a version with comments.
although musharraf did turn against the taliban after september 11, under extreme duress from the us, elements of his military continued to support radical islamism and have recently been implicated in assassination attempts on musharraf himself.
dp
one answer is that the pentagon prevented the state department from running the cpa.
could one of you please email me a copy of the standard template you use for enfolio gas purchase agreements
state is the body with experience in international affairs and administration.
this was the body that bush proclaimed was bringing  stability  to the region in fall of 1999.
as we re getting more and more of those agreements, i d like to add a template in global contracts.
so, one answer to bush s charge about edwards is that if it had any merit, bush should have declined to run himself.
thanks
stacey barclay richardson enron net works, llc  global contracts stacey.richardsonenron.com  713  8530569 office  713  6462495 fax  713  7106084 pager
the civilians in the department of defense only know how to blow things up.
today is good 1230
another answer is that edwards certainly knows far more about foreign affairs now than bush did then.
cafeteria is fine.
rumsfeld, wolfowitz and feith staffed the cpa with neoconservatives, most of whom had no administrative experience, no arabic, and no respect for muslim culture  or knowledge about it .
i m free any day but tuesday.
indeed, given how bush has rampaged around the world alienating allies and ignoring vital conflicts with the potential to blow back on the us, one might well argue that edwards knows more now than bush does.
i better pass on the comets game.
they actively excluded state department iraq hands like tom warrick.
my weekends seem to be taken up with condo matters, house hunting.
only recently have a few experienced state department arabists been allowed in to try to begin mopping up the mess.
thank you though.
are you free for lunch today.
this is what edwards  campaign literature said about his positions   edwards believes that the u.s. must be an active leader to help resolve conflicts, from reducing tensions between india and pakistan to the peace process in northern ireland.
i want to go to the cafeteria for vegetables.
the neocons in the cpa have all sorts of ulterior motives and social experiments they want to impose on the iraqi people, including polish  style economic shock therapy, some sort of sweetheart deal for israel, and maybe even breaking the country up into three parts.
let me know if you are interested.
edwards is a strong supporter of israel, and believes that the u.s. has a vital role in promoting peace between the israelis and the palestinians.
janette elbertson administrative coordinator ews legal, eb3326 telephone   713  8537906 facsimile   713  6462600 email address  janette.elbertsonenron.com
i do nt see bush doing any of this.
are you free for lunch some day this week
the washington monthly s who s who of neocons in iraq helps explain the extreme incompetence and possibly double  dealing of many in the cpa.
also, i have an extra ticket for the comets game on sat. you said you wanted to go
from friday s daily star
the game is at 12  sat  compaq center.
sept. 11 commission member philip zelikow, who is close to the bush administration, admitted on sept. 10, 2002, that the ulterior motive of the bush administration for the iraq war was to  protect israel,  according to the asian times.
by juan cole
would love for you to join us.
friday, june 04, 2004
i am bringing two of my girlfriends from lj.
as the american public gradually wearies of the iraq crisis, some have begun worrying that the war could blow back on the us by creating the conditions for antiamerican terrorism.
debra perlingiere
i have long been a trenchant critic of the sadrists.
ok call me
israel, however, is much closer to iraq and is likely to suffer from iraqi instability much more acutely than will the united states.
maybe 1215
janette elbertson administrative coordinator ews legal, eb3326 telephone   713  8537906 facsimile   713  6462600 email address  janette.elbertsonenron.com
but they have nt been up to anything extraordinary as far as i can see in recent weeks.
today is good 1230
someone in the cpa sat down and thought up ways to stir them up by closing their newspaper and issuing 28 arrest warrants and taking in people like yaqubi.
cafeteria is fine.
i m free any day but tuesday.
i better pass on the comets game.
this is either gross incompetence or was done with dark ulterior motives that can scarcely be guessed at.
my weekends seem to be taken up with condo matters, house hunting.
ironically, among the strongest proponents of war in iraq were israeli prime minister ariel sharon and his neoconservative supporters in the us.
thank you though.
are you free for lunch today.
i want to go to the cafeteria for vegetables.
there is a classical logical fallacy, post hoc ergo propter hoc  z happens after x, therefore z is caused by x , and i keep revising this posting this evening because i do nt want to fall into it.
let me know if you are interested.
janette elbertson administrative coordinator ews legal, eb3326 telephone   713  8537906 facsimile   713  6462600 email address  janette.elbertsonenron.com
moveteamenron
09202000 0322 pm
have they, however, actually weakened israeli security
sent by  john salinardoenron
the biggest threat israel faces is not from conventional armies but from the asymmetrical tactics of palestinian national liberation movements.
it is to late for me to add changes.
the derailing of the oslo peace process by the hard  line policies of sharon and the palestinian intifada has encouraged suicide bombings.
we will have to correct them after the churn.
but sometimes, of course, when z happens after x it is because of x.
this, in turn, has discouraged international investment in israel and has made it less likely that immigrants to the country will actually remain there.
thank you for you patience.
so i may as well just come out with it  it is pretty suspicious, given the neocon predominance in the cpa and in the upper reaches of the defense department that on april2 ap reported of muqtada
the dow topped out in february of 1966 at 995.
although israel withdrew from lebanese territory in may 2000, the radical lebanese shiite party, hizbullah, has not been mollified.
by september of that year the dow had tumbled to 744.
it is estimated to have some 5,000 armed fighters, and they have pursued attacks against israeli forces to compel them to withdraw from the shebaa farms, a sliver of syrian territory that israel annexed after the 1967 war.
the dow then rallied to a high of 943 in september of 67.
any thorough assessment of the impact of the iraq war and its aftermath on israel s security environment must, therefore, closely examine its likely effect on the conduct of asymmetrical warfare.
by march of 68 the dow had fallen to 825, only to climb to a highly speculative peak of 985 in december of 68.
a radical shiite muslim cleric has expressed solidarity with the militant palestinian group hamas and said that he should be considered the group s  striking arm  in iraq.
the dow then sank to 631 in december of 70.
although it is often alleged  without much evidence  that saddam hussein gave money to the families of palestinian suicide bombers and so encouraged asymmetrical warfare, it is not clear that he actually posed a danger to israel.
by april of 71 the dow had climbed back to 950, only to fall to 869 in february of 72.
i have said and i repeat my expression of solidarity which hassan nasrallah called for to stand with hamas,  shiite cleric muqtada al  sadr said friday in a reference to nasrallah, the leader of the militant lebanese shiite group hezbollah.
a big rally then took the dow  unconfirmed  to a record high of 1051 in january of 73, turning everyone bullish.
the palestinians who have been willing to kill themselves to end the israeli occupation of the gaza strip and the west bank were not driven by economic considerations.
but by december of 73 the dow had collapsed to 788.
saddam never did anything practical to help the palestinians.
think that was bad  by december of 74 the dow had sunk to a bear market low of 577.
at some points, as in the late 1980s, he reportedly made behind  the  scenes overtures to the israelis to arrive at some sort of a deal.
at that time, the gurus and geniuses of wall street were predicting a 250 dow and many were talking openly about the end of capitalism.
last month, nasrallah announced that his party would close ranks with hamas.
of course, that was the bottom
and that s the way the greatest bear market since the depression worked its way down.
by late 1974 investors were dizzy, they were desperate, they were wrung  out, they had left wall street, many for good.
great, we look forward to seeing you.
debra perlingiere
09202000 0932 am
he did not allow palestinian radicals to launch operations against israel from iraq.
i will not be there at 730, but will see you arond 930 on tuesday.
many thanks
debra perlingiere
edward terry
09082000 0955 am
fyi,
per the memo, ena s storage account will be reduced by 420,588 mmbtu
robert d morgan
let  hamas  consider me their striking arm in iraq because the fate of iraq and palestine is the same,  al  sadr said during a friday prayer sermon in kufa, his home base south of baghdad.
09082000 0936 am
he did comment on what he meant by the phrase.
the results of the february 26th pvt test conducted on nville have been discussed with each of you over the last three months.
by the late 1990s, iraq had no nuclear or biological weapons program, and had destroyed its chemical weapons stockpiles.
its ramshackle army had virtually collapsed before the american invasion in 2003.
as we have discussed .... effective sep 13th, anita will make the adjustments to enron s inventory and pad gas to reflect the february 26th results.
if it is hard to see how baathist iraq posed any real threat to israel, it is not so difficult to see a menace in the current instability.
i talked with gary wilson, and he confirmed that the revised values are correct.
the bungling of postwar iraq by the bush administration created a weak and failed state.
attached is a spreadsheet that contains the values.
armed militias, many staffed by former iraqi military men with substantial training and experience, have proliferated.
the correction to the working gas includes two corrections.
and on april3 his chief aide in najaf was suddenly arrested along with 13 other members of his organization, and the coalition forces are put into violent conflict with his organization, which leaves7 us soldiers dead.
the results of the february 26th test reduces the working gas by 398,487 mmbtu.
the army is unlikely to forgive or forget  but who provoked it and why
the us chose to ally itself with such groups as the supreme council for the islamic revolution in iraq, whose 15,000  strong badr corps paramilitary was trained by the iranian revolutionary guards.
in addition, there is a reduction of 22,101 mmbtu which is the difference between the scada values  best available  that anita showed on the february 29th storage sheet and the  official  february 29th values that gary wilson received from mips.
i m not even in iraq and i could have predicted to you the consequences of doing what the cpa has been doing.
to summarize  enron s pad gas will now be 3,993,310 mmbtu, instead of 4,223,000 mmbtu.
enron s working gas will be reduced by 420,588 mmbtu.
antiisraeli and propalestinian feeling is strong among several major iraqi ideological groups and currents.
call me if there are any questions.
fyi
yeah i got yelled at also.
i tried to say i was nt that drunk but z was nt having any of that conversation.
the more radical shiites, who generally follow the theocratic notions of iran s ayatollah ruhollah khomeini, routinely chant and demonstrate against israel.
she told me that after friday and saturday she felt i was slowly regressing.
anthony shadid of the washington post reveals that the warrants for the arrests had been issued months be for.
then i told her i felt i should be able to screw missy just once.
why were they suddenly acted on saturday
she said that was ok.
they vehemently protested the israeli assassination of sheikh ahmed yassin, the leader of hamas, last march.
did you get in as much trouble as i did this weekend  lori seems to think i need to get help  i told her it s normal to drink all day at a bar, then go to dinner where you do nt know half the people there and proceed to get extremely fucked up
internet email confidentiality footer
i am not going unless lisa promises to get all wasted and boob out.
privileged  confidential information may be contained in this message.
worse for israel, the assassination drew a denunciation even from the moderate and cautious grand ayatollah ali sistani, who wields enormous moral authority over iraqi shiites.
if you are not the addressee indicated in this message  or responsible for delivery of the message to such person , you may not copy or deliver this message to anyone.
in such case, you should destroy this message and kindly notify the sender by reply email.
i definitely could use a drink, actually a couple would probably do better.
please advise immediately if you or your employer do not consent to internet email for messages of this kind.
these shiite movements had been suppressed by saddam hussein s regime, but have now organized and armed themselves.
opinions, conclusions and other information in this message that do not relate to the official business of my firm shall be understood as neither given nor endorsed by it.
job id  j12746km
bryan, you re in, right
job title  attorney
anybody up for happy hour after work
location  houston, texas usa
they have also reestablished their historical links with lebanese and iranian shiites.
compensation   60000  70000
description
i was thinking kenneally s at around5.
let me know
our client is a small law firm that is looking for an individual to join their team handling toxic tort with some minor pi defense.
it is inevitable that most iraqi shiites will side with their hizbullah coreligionists against israel, and it seems likely that iraqi shiites will get rich enough from iraqi petroleum sales in the future that they will be in a good position to bankroll lebanese shiite radicals.
they offer an exceptional compensation package including a healthy salary, comprehensive benefits program, and ample room for associates to grow within the firm.
km
requirements
you do nt know what that means
you ll be able to use your1 4 years of experience with toxic tort to complement your desire to stay with the firm.
where did you grow up
company
sunni arab fundamentalists deeply sympathize with the palestinians and with hamas, and those in iraq have deep historical inks with fundamentalists in jordan and palestine.
india
marvel consultants, inc. 28601 chagrin blvd. cleveland, ohio 44122 usa email  recruitersmarvelconsultants.com  mailtorecruitersmarvelconsultants.com  phone  2162922855 fax  2162927207
thanks
boob out
i ve thought about you a few times in the last few months, did nt want to intrude upon an already bad situation with my bullshit questions.
i m hearing some pretty depressing stuff from the people i know at ene.
iraqi cities such as fallujah and ramadi were on the truck route from amman to baghdad, and so came under the influence of the salafi movement, which is popular in jordan.
i wish i had the capital to open my own shop
should i be embarrassed that i have nt the slightest idea what that means
there will be talent and opportunity a plenty on the market soon.
secular arab nationalist groups also universally sympathize with the palestinians, and those in postsaddam iraq are no exception.
i ll ask around
i am going out tonight to get wasted if anyone is interested.
whereas saddam hussein s dictatorship ensured that such populist currents were kept firmly under control, they are now free to organize.
i ve got some friends at duke and dynegy from b  school, the gianoucous  spelling   brothers  john and dimitri  from elementary school  started their own outfit a while back, and my old man is at schlumberger and has good contacts in general  if you are nt married to a trading environment .
jill allen finishes her cpa today and she and her friends are going to party.
give me a few days, and i ll be in touch.
an iraq in which armed fundamentalist and nationalist militias proliferate is inevitably a security worry for israel.
michael
max and jen are looking for you.
call them at 3038328160.
you guys have any job opening for ex natural gas traders that made their now almost defunctc ompany over 40 million in the last two years
not sure how much longer ene is going to be around and i m checking out my options
rodgers
as we discussed, here is a first effort at a revised tva offer letter.
they have nt heard from you in a while.
if even a modicum of normality and security can be returned to iraq, its citizens will be able to benefit from the country s petroleum reserves.
i drafted the into tva option as a series of calls tied to the mopa delivery term and quantity  not sure if this anything close to what you all had in mind.
that private wealth can easily be funneled into aid for the palestinians and for lebanese shiites.
please let me know what shape you all think the offer ought to take and we can revise accordingly.
israel s security interests are best served by peace with its neighbors, which can only be achieved by trading land for peace with the palestinians.
work it into your speech  something along the line of,  and jen, you come from great people and have fantastic friends.
in fact peder and i were remarking on how agreeable they all are as the sucked on our balls last night.
fucking bitches
thanks
elizabeth 36349
ariel sharon s aggressive near annexation of almost half of the occupied west bank and his indefinite postponement of any palestinian state have created unprecedented rage and violence.
see you there at 400 unless i call you
the anger has spread throughout the muslim world, including iraq.
mark e haedicke
sent by  janette elbertson
i have to go to butt  fucking mississippi.
02282001 0316 pm
the promotion by the prozionist right of twin occupations  in the west bank and in iraq  has profoundly weakened, not strengthened, israeli security.
please use the form attached when preparing the top ten risks for your businesses.
i am not looking foward to that but do nt tell val.
please be brief
juan cole  www.juancole.com  is a professor of modern middle east history at the university of michigan and author of  sacred space and holy war   i.b. tauris, 2002 .
mark e haedicke
sent by  janette elbertson
the following weekend i will be ready to rock.
02282001 0441 pm
i think they are all bark and no bite.
i think they could get their asses kicked by cats.
please update the attached legal risk report.
send the revised report by email.
the daily star publishes this commentary in agreement with agence global
thank you.
tamils feel that the proposed defense agreement between india and sri lanka would encourage sinhala rulers to prepare for another war abandoning the current peace process
mike curry
but there are strong hints in the country that a new indo  sri lanka defense deal could be in the making.
11142000 1137 am
they look like they were doberman pinchers who were shrunk.
with elizabeth s comments added to summary ...
you should get a cocker spaniel.
yuk.
so sorry to have to cancel
that deal is making like it wants to close and the traders scheduled a 430 call to wrap it up
and this has already drawn protests from the tamil national alliance  tna  which was backed by the ltte in the april general elections held in sri lanka.
do nt they know we have better things to do
no, i am not kidding and no i do nt want it bc of the taco bell dog.
here is to getting back on track after thanksgiving
i want it bc it is really small and cute.
sorry again
per my vm
i knew someone in college who had one and i loved it.
john lambenron
apart from the 1,200 indian lives lost in 1987, the indian peacekeeping force was immensely unpopular not only in tamil nadu and the jaffna peninsula but also among the sinhalese majority who considered it a violation of their country s sovereignty.
11152000 1158 am
why do you think they are mean
india defensive over sri lanka
attached are clean and blacklined drafts of the enron guaranties to be made in support of epmi s obligations under the indian mesa ii renewable energy purchase agreement   ppa   and green premium sharing agreement   gspa  .
are you kidding
the guaranty for the ppa is blacklined against the enron epc contract guaranty in favor of the banks which was granted in connection with our cabazon wind power project  the project most recently financed by ewc  and the gpsa guaranty is blacklined against the ppa guaranty.
by ranjit devraj
as we discussed last week, since the enron guaranties will need to be in a form that will acceptable to our project lenders and equity participants, we thought that we should start with a form that was used in our last financing and that was negotiated by enron and the banks.
new delhi
why would you want a chihuahua
we plan to use the same basic form for the enron guaranty that will be made in favor of epmi with respect to the seller s obligations under the ppa.
those dogs are nt even friendly.
we will forward the draft of that guaranty to you later today.
do you think they are cool bc of the taco bell dog
please feel free to give me a call if you have any questions concerning the attached guaranties.
les spahnn   spahnnhnks.com
thank you.
ppa guaranty.doc
gpsa guaranty.doc
while india is ready to enter into a  defense cooperation agreement  with sri lanka, it is wary of being drawn into any military involvement in the island nation s two decades  old civil war that has seen violent strife between ethnic tamils and the sinhalese majority  leaving over 60,000 dead on both sides.
redline gpsa guaranty.doc
02132001 0802 pm
redline ppa guaranty.doc
all

sheila tweed
03262001 0858 pm
mary hain
and that explains the delay in the signing of a formal defense agreement that was at the heart of sri lankan president chandrika kumaratunga s four  day visit to india recently.
03232001 1224 pm
it is my understanding, from good sources in the gov s office that the gov will order loretta lynch to expeditiously implement the provision to suspend all parties auhtority to enter into direct access contracts.
according to professor s d muni, south asia expert at the jawaharal nehru university, the two  year peace talks between colombo and the liberation tigers of tamil eelam  ltte  are stalemated.
i am going to be the senior regulatory counsel at iso new england starting on april9, 2001.
for that reason, he said, kumaratunga s government was keen to beef up military preparedness with indian support.
my last day in the portland area will be march 31, 2001.
the sri lankan government does not want to initiate a conflict but would be interested in deterring the ltte from starting one.
i enjoyed working with you and wish you the best of everything.
the premise with which the administartion is acting is that if they expeditiously suspend everyone s right to bilateral contracts quickly, it sets up a barrier which the direct access coalition must break through.
my new address will be  mary hain senior regulatory counsel iso new england inc.one sullivan road holyoke, ma 010402841  413  5354000 mhainisone.com
in other words the table is set.
mark
and the tigers look as if they are on the brink of launching another offensive,  muni told ips.
here is a revised draft of the cdwr risk memo.
colombo held six rounds of talks with the tigers between september 2002 and march 2003.
events change everyday.
but last april, the rebels abruptly pulled out of negotiations demanding recognition, first, for the right to self  rule before proceeding any further.
kumaratunga s india tour preceded a three  day visit to sri lanka by norwegian foreign minister jan petersen in a new bid to revive the peace talks that were supposed to follow a ceasefire that oslo successfully brokered in february 2002.
this morning s paper reports that a rate increase of 40  may be imposed by the cdwr as early as today and the new bond issue amount is purported to be 16 billion  rather than the 10 initially discussed
deal your meal from where the dishes are located.
mark
petersen held discussions with both kumaratunga and the reclusive ltte leader velupillai prabhakaran in the rebel stronghold of kilinochchi without success, and chief tamil rebel negotiator anton balasingham and norwegian envoy erik solheim held closed  door talks at the international airport late saturday in an effort to keep the salvage effort on track, diplomatic sources said.
as we discussed, here is a copy of the draft memo.
thanks
but they, too, failed.
elizabeth 36349
see you there on court 10
ps i may have to come back to work for a 615 call
colombo, too, seems to be in an intractable position.
here is latest draft of risk memo  still in draft form .
i.e. the davis administration wants to place all direct access advocates in the position of having to justify why each and every party should be the exception to the suspension rather than have a general rule concerning how direct access should work for all parties.
i faxed comments to you on dash.
according to former indian army general a s kalkat, the difficulty for kumaratunga s government lay in the fact that the ltte had become a de jure power in the north and east of the island and was running every aspect of civil administration in the areas within its control.
do you have any current info on deal status
it clearly gives the admin a very strong upper hand to control who when and where direct access can occur without having to say that they oppose direct access.
thanks
elizabeth 36349
a veteran of india s military intervention in the jaffna peninsula to help implement the 1987 indo  sri lanka peace accord  which ambitiously provided for the disarming of the formidable ltte  kalkat said the new defense deal would essentially be a reiteration of the older one minus its military commitment.
vince,
are you going to be able to make the power var meeting on thursday
frank
power be where power lies.
sheridan,
you are nt going in for the wedding until sunday now
i have just checked with rac  david gorte  and we have a green light to go ahead with the project.
i m in
i shall you tomorrow to discuss the details.
regards,
vince
kevin a. boone accenture  houston consultant  energy  octel  713.837.1638  client  281.848.1619  c  713.306.7940  h  713.864.4149 kevin.a.booneaccenture.com
sheridan titman  titmanmail.utexas.edu  on 01242001 024550 pm
vince
kalkat, who currently chairs the independent us  based international council on conflict resolution, said despite the failure of the indian army to disarm or even subdue the tigers, india remained the only power capable of influencing the course of the current peace talks.
i just wanted to check with you regarding the consulting arrangement we discussed a couple of weeks ago.
our web address is httpwww.accenture.com
perhaps, we should start with just a1 or2 day contract where i give some thoughts to the kind of issues that we discussed and come to houston to present my preliminary thoughts and possible avenues for additional work.
lenhart, matthew
regards,
sheridan
sheridan titman department of finance college of business administration university of texas austin, texas 787121179 5122322787  phone  5124715073  fax  titmanmail.utexas.edu
bryan,
the norwegians mean well but their role is limited to that of honest broker and the ltte is keenly aware that they do not have the power  unlike india  to underwrite any arrangement,  kalkat told ips in an interview.
you guys want to watch the game at woodrow s tomorrow
did you have a chance to take a look at the resume i sent you
he looked like a great guy for your group.
in 1987, the tamil tigers reluctantly accepted the peace accord under indian pressure.
vince
there will be some girls there and then we can get them to meet up with us at that garden in the heights party later that night.
david,
plus we can be outside watching it.
a reminder.
under the accord, a new northeastern provincial council was formed and the indian army was deployed as peacekeepers in the north and east.
we discussed a few days ago a consulting arrangement with prof. sheridan titman from ut.
this message is for the designated recipient only and may contain privileged or confidential information.
any feedback from rick buy
however, differences between india and ltte soon surfaced and led to clashes between tiger guerrillas and the indian peace keeping force.
please, let me know.
if you have received it in error, please notify the sender immediately and delete the original.
42299
vince
kevin kindallenron
about 1,200 indian soldiers were killed during this phase of the conflict.
01242001 0351 pm
india had to pull back its forces from sri lanka in 1989 following the election of ranasinghe premadasa, a strong critic of indian mediation.
per our conversation yesterday ...
last june, an international initiative led by japan to persuade the ltte to come back to the negotiating table failed despite an aid package offer of us 4.5 billion.
hi kevin,
any other use of the email by you is prohibited.
further to your call attached is a presentation i gave at the canadian risk managers conference in edmonton in the fall of 2000.
just call me on my cell phone.
i ll try and send one of peter cox  as well but may have some problems due to file size.
japan s special envoy, yasushi akashi, who called for tangible progress in the peace process before the money would be released, came back from visits to colombo and kilinochchi in early november a frustrated man.
in any event, my presentation should give you a starting point.
i am going to happy hour after work to eat and drink.
mike
what do you mean i am perverted
cfoforum.ppt
whatever, you re the perverted old man.
darrell,
you love it when i come over.
thanks a lot.
i satisfy your appetitie for lovin.
a quick question  we have nt received your invoice for the last few model  paper reviews.
he complained about the  visible lack of progress  and reaching an impasse in talks with both sides.
please, make sure that we are billed.
robert bryngelsonazurix
clewlow  strickland book is out.
08162000 1205 pm
i shall send you a copy today.
vince
darrell duffie  duffiestanford.edu  on 01242001 031701 pm
please respond to darrell duffie  duffiestanford.edu
vince  taiichi
in case you are interested, i attach this paper on gas storage value modeling.
best,
darrell
the tigers  chief ideologue, balasingham, sniffed at the proposal saying that  a solution to the ethnic conflict can not be predetermined by the resolutions or declarations of donor conferences, but has to be negotiated by the parties in conflict without the constraints of external forces.

i just wanted to send you a quick note to let you know that i m out ta here
darrell duffie mail gsb stanford ca 943055015 usa phone 650 723 1976 fax 650 725 7979 email duffiestanford.edu web httpwww.stanford.eduduffie
today is my last day in the office here at azurix, and in the coming months, i will start in a new position as svp in the lng development group at el paso energy.

this happened very quickly, and i wanted to make sure that i let everyone know before i left.
paper4.pdf
i do nt have any contact information yet for my new job, but if you want to reach me, you can do so at robbrnglsnaol.com or at 7136647478.
al,
i enjoyed working with all of you during the past five years at enron  azurix, and i wish you all of the best.
i have spoken with mark lay and he is interested.
take care.
even if we can not help you here in enron, he may be able to put you in touch with other cv groups in town.
but there are strong hints in the country that a new indo  sri lanka defense deal could be in the making.
please, call him directly and give my name as a reference.
rob bryngelson
713  8537408
and this has already drawn protests from the tamil national alliance  tna  which was backed by the ltte in the april general elections held in sri lanka.
good luck.
ps  there is a happy hour tonight at scudeiros on dallas street  just west of the met garage  beginning around 500.
vince
if you can make it, please come
vince j kaminski
tamils feel that the proposed defense agreement between india and sri lanka would encourage sinhala rulers to prepare for another war abandoning the current peace process,  tna member of parliament p sithamparanathan was quoted as saying in a statement.
01242001 1121 am
traci warnerenron communications on 08162000 031414 pm
al,
she added that recent visits to the island by india s top military brass including army chief general nirmal chander vij have  caused apprehension among tamils that preparations are under way for another war in the island .
i have called mark lay and left a message on his voice mail.
but kalkat pointed out that india would be ill  advised to be involved again, militarily, with sri lanka if only because it still had to consider the sentiments of 45 million ethnic tamils in the indian state of tamil nadu  separated from sri lanka s jaffna peninsula by the narrow palk straits.
vince
steve, rod and elyse
apart from the 1,200 indian lives lost in 1987, the indian peacekeeping force was immensely unpopular not only in tamil nadu and the jaffna peninsula but also among the sinhalese majority who considered it a violation of their country s sovereignty.
al arfsten  arfstenbflassociates.com  on 01242001 111625 am
just wanted to confirm our meeting on tuesday aug 29th from 130  230 to discuss u of h s endowment proposal.
vince
we will meeting rod s office eb 4054
your suggestion to introduce the concept discussed with one of the lays is welcomed.
i look forward to seeing you all there.
i hope that this would mean that you would remain involved at some level.
sincerely,
the design of the model and its potential economics could be key to how worthy the effort might be.
traci
enron could be an ideal environment from which to the concept enhancement through to commercialization could be successfully accomplished.
traci warner enron broadband services, inc. phone  713  8533242 cell  713  7057201
please confidentially share matters as you think best and advise me of the interest generated.
kay mann
i am ready to meet there at your building or elsewhere that is appropriate.
best regards,
al arfsten 713 965 2158
the best option, now, under the present difficult circumstances is for colombo to do its own dirty work, although new delhi can always be counted on to render good neighborly help because of the shared belief that religion, ethnicity and language can not be the basis for secession.
martin,
no problem.
04262001 0717 am
please, ask stinson as well.
in any case, kalkat puts it succinctly   there can not be a military option to what is a political situation.
vince
asia times online 16112004
i thought that since chonawee has an optimization background, he would be good to have him go to dinner with dr. lasdon on thrusday as well.
would this be fine
will you be providing an execution version with questions removed  blanks filled in
thanks,
martin
unreported by the international media, the valley of kashmir has seen an ethnic and cultural genocide that has resulted in the fleeing from the valley of almost all the hindu families who have been living there since human habitation was first recorded.
over nine dozen temples that had served the hindu population have been destroyed, with some used as building material and others as urinals.
we are still trying to figure out some of the cash traders.
thus far, none of the many  human rights  busybodies across the world have bothered to even notice such a development.
once we get the word from lavo we ll let you know.
please send it directly to kent.shoemakerae.ge.com, copy to me.
thanks
kk
musharraf calls the bluff
kam,
are there any new developments in the trader world
thanks,
we still have the traders and books that you provided last week, but need to know if there are any changes to this.
please let us know if you need a change so that the deals will bridge with the correct books.
m.d. nalapat
thanks,
thanks,
dawn
while most u.s. secretaries of state  save perhaps dean rusk  have gobbled up credit for outcomes that they had little to do with, few have been as brazen as colin powell.
hey,
two years ago, pakistani president pervez musharraf was surprised when the leader of the main islamist alliance  maulana fazlur rahman  visited india and issued a series of highly conciliatory statements.
i am going to have to miss your wedding.
kay
unfortunately, i will be in plano that weekend.
paulhastings.com  made the following annotations on 042501 124255
i wish i could make it.
we have changed our email address.
what s going on with the ubs weather position
our new domain name is paulhastings.com.
has that gone anywhere or are the other possibilities you had better
talk to you soon,
kam
as pakistan s president had been telling the united states he was  forced  into taking a hawkish line on india precisely by the likes of rahman, this was an embarrassment.
hey guys,
in most cases, our address is composed of conventional first name and last name plus paulhastings.com.
here are two examples  janesmithpaulhastings.com and danjonespaulhastings.com.
i am being told by my better half that we need to get an accurate head count of who will be attending our wedding.
the reality is that india is no longer the enemy of choice for the people of pakistan.
if you would be so kind, could you possibly let me know of your status over the next couple of days
if you have any questions, please contact us at nocpaulhastings.com.
for those of you who already sent us an rsvp response recently, please disregard.
thanks for your help
that distinction has now gone to the united states.
jeff
wt cal has been added.
could you run those additional post  ids

there are deals in the aruba book so i m not sure why you are nt picking those up.
realists, and this even includes members of the u.s. democratic foreign policy establishment such as strobe talbott, who have long sought to divest india of its defensive capability against another nuclear power in asia, understand the only feasible solution for kashmir is the acceptance of the status quo.
india keeps what it has while pakistan and china  which was gifted a slice of the territory three decades ago  do likewise.
the deals are listed below.
the information transmitted is intended only for the person or entity to which it is addressed and may contain confidential and  or privileged material.
thanks
simultaneously, new delhi would ensure a degree of autonomy for the state that would help cut popular support off from jihadis attempting to convert kashmir into a second afghanistan.
ey4096.1 performance 01feb02 p 6,363,217   250,393
any review, retransmission, dissemination or other use of, or taking of any action in reliance upon, this information by persons or entities other than the intended recipient is prohibited.
ey4096.3 performance 01feb02 p 202,989  195,610
if you received this in error, please contact the sender and delete the material from all computers.
ey4096.4 performance 01feb02 f0  31,180
bill clinton understood this at the end of his term in office yet, under colin powell  who appears to have an affinity for generals active in politics , the pendulum of u.s. policy has once again swung toward a quixotic effort to prize at least the valley of kashmir loose from india.
ey4096.7 performance 01feb02 p  6,363,217   55,678
this, pakistan s lobbyist in washington christina rocca has been told, is the  minimum  that the pakistan army will accept.
ey4106.6 performance 01feb02 p  1,993,045   32,387
ey4106.7 performance 01feb02 p 1,993,045   43,548

ey4106.9 performance 01feb02 p 27,886  27,361
it is also far more than what any administration in new delhi can deliver.
ey4108.e performance 01feb02 p 12,514,373   265,932
attached please find the ge guarantee in word format.
ey4108.f performance 01feb02 p 112,610  110,555
this writer has for years regarded the best solution to the kashmir problem as being the trifurcation of the indian part of the state into a hindu  majority jammu, a buddhist  dominated ladakh and the overwhelmingly muslim kashmir valley, with the third state given little of taxpayers  money but substantial autonomy.
ey4108.h performance 01feb02 p  2,239,879   36,398
also, we have attached a pdf black  line of the guarantee vs the form of guarantee in the turbine contract.
ey4108.i performance 01feb02 p  10,274,494   166,960
with luck, the kashmir valley can attract investment from the middle east and other locations where muslims are dominant and become a tourist, education and services haven within india.
thanks
the overwhelming majority of muslims in kashmir would be happy with such an outcome, except for the tiny jihadi segment patronized by the u.s. state department and the pakistan army, which would like to even the score with india for their catastrophic defeat in bangladesh in 1971.
as seen below,

please start using the ena dpr 0102 file rather than the ews dpr 2002 file to send to chris.
do not hesitate to call us with any questions.
the positions needed to be divided to reflect bcf s.
thanks
kam
could you also cc me the first few times you send it
while our established schedules of tuesday and friday dprs would have us reporting tomorrow s activity on monday, we will change that for month end.
unreported by the international media, the valley of kashmir has seen an ethnic and cultural genocide that has resulted in the fleeing from the valley of almost all the hindu families who have been living there since human habitation was first recorded.
over nine dozen temples that had served the hindu population have been destroyed, with some used as building material and others as urinals.
please email the january 31st dpr information for your respective groups to my attention by noon on friday.

you should use the same spreadsheet format used for the 12902 dpr.
all pl and prma numbers should be in  000s.
starting in february, you will be able to export the data, as opposed to using the spreadsheets.
thanks,
chris abel manager, risk controls global risk operations chris.abelenron.com  mailtochris.abelenron.com  713.853.3102
thus far, none of the many  human rights  busybodies across the world have bothered to even notice such a development.
kristen,
best regards.
attached are all live financial deals by risk type.

as you can see, the price data is too large to fit into one tab.
indeed, their reports are filled with tales of the  atrocities  of indian troops on the innocent jihadis.
after tomorrow, i will no longer have access to the estate files.
despite sept. 11, the united states still supports the kashmir groups that back jihad as part of the price washington is paying to keep pervez musharraf happy.
greg couch will be taking over the responsibility for the estate risk group and will be able to assist you with your requests going forward.
unfortunately for them, the general has decided to take seriously colin powell s frequent boasts that it was on his nudging that the indians made conciliatory gestures toward islamabad.
thanks

kam
john staikos direct dial  203.961.7523 direct fax  203.674.7723 email  johnstaikospaulhastings.com
ed,
the u.s. state department and the misnamed think tanks that follow its lead have held numerous conferences on kashmir and, in most of them, the solution that has emerged is a valley prized loose from indian control and under its own version of ibrahim rugova.
here is a list of the risk people that will be with the estate.

after this weekend, we will no longer have access to the estate files, these people will be able to help you with any of your questions.
we will still be around to assist them if needed.
that india is not yugoslavia and that the  foreigner  led  indian national congress can least afford to ignore indian nationalism, has not struck the conferees, among whom have been several indian  scholars  and  analysts  ready to say and endorse anything for the sake of a free trip to new york or vienna.
thanks
despite many wrinkles, india remains a part  democracy and merely signing on to a piece of paper that calls for an independent kashmir does not get you into the trouble that writing an op  ed piece against sonia gandhi or atal behari vajpayee would instantly.
kk
47k202.doc
here you go ...
ac
sanjeev,
i should have a list of post  ids for you by 430 today.
it was the business community in india that stepped in after vajpayee indulged in an empty bout of saber rattling in 2002, pointing out that the only beneficiary of the mythical perception that war  especially nuclear war  was around the corner in the subcontinent was china.
sean boyle
after friday, i will no longer have access to the estate, so if you could shoot this off over night so i could have something in the morning to work with i would appreciate it.
the reason for this is that india is emerging as an alternative investment destination to china, hence the favor that the generals in islamabad do to their trusty supplier of nukes and missiles by creating a scare about war involving india when in fact the real flashpoints are the taiwan straits and north korea.
let me know if that does nt seem possible.
08172000 1121 am
thanks
i spoke to bruce garcey at nimo regarding their rfp.
kam
since then, india has talked peace while always signaling that only the status quo would be acceptable as a final settlement  a line of action that is followed in the case of disputes with china as well.
hi i m from brazil and i want to know of book 06.
is good or bad
what s your opinion
bruce indicated nimo short listed five companies who all bid higher than ena.
kisses
unfortunately for those eager to indefinitely carry on with the lucrative business of conflict resolution in south asia, pervez musharraf has now called colin powell s bluff, challenging him to deliver on his frequent statements implying that the indians jump to his commands.
leli
once the manmohan singh government shows that it has little appetite for suicide, musharraf will face the moment of truth  accept the inevitable, or once again ramp up the insurgency and spawn a fresh lot of killers that can hit not merely mumbai and new delhi but london and chicago as well.
it s good.
the one country that has shown that it understands the realities in south asia is china.
u must read it.
however, he also mentioned we were a close sixth, that is close to the fifth highest bid.
pairing up of harry and ginny is cool
under president hu jintao, beijing has opened out to new delhi and prime minister wen jiabao is expected to visit early next year, making friends by formally accepting sikkim as part of india and backing india as a permanent member of the u.n. security council  thus leaving washington as the only one of the  permanent five  that has not yet done so.
it s awesome  better than book5
he gave no indication on the value of the highest bid.
he also said that the other five companies making the short list all proposed alternative structures to the proposed nimo tier structure.
an orphaned, two  month old african elephant named olly received an extremely uplifting christmas present this year  an airplane ride just for him, courtesy of the international fund for animal welfare and their friends  the bateleurs .
with colin powell around, the u.s. has no need of an osama bin laden
animal news center webmaster
hello,
nimo released an additional rfp for peaking supplies for this winter, i believe phil should have or be getting that rfp.
we have started a new forum for an interactive and absorbing discussion on astrology  palmistry and everything in between including gemology, feng shui  vaastu shastra.
phil if you could please make copies and distribute asap.
we look forward to your active participation to make this forum an exciting meeting place for like minded individuals.
thanks,
regards
sean
swetha
here you go.
play your cds,8  tracks, reel to reels, cassettes, vinyl 33  45s, and shellac 78s through this little integrated amp, you ll get a big eye opener
if you have any other questions, please let me know.
complete with original magnavox tubes  all tubes have been tested they are all good  stereo amp
heterosexuals increasingly back gay marriage
m.d. nalapat, an expert on jihad, is professor of geopolitics at the manipal academy of higher education, india.
by deb price  the detroit news
washington times 28102004
deb price
ok.
we all know that john kerry served in vietnam.
when baptist pastor stephen jones talks about what makes for a happy marriage with janice, his wife of 35 years, one special ingredient might surprise you  double  dating with coupled friends who happen to be gay.

four whole months, after which he took advantage of a little  known, little  invoked regulation that allowed him to desert his  band of brothers .
twinkle twinkle lazy star kitna soyega uthja yaar, up above the world so high, sun has risen in the sky, uthke jaldi pee le chai, then call me up and say  hi
scott neal

08162000 0348 pm
good morning
have a nice day


thanks and regard
rajendra
john griffithenron
rajendra.o...gmail.com
08152000 0623 pm
imagegifpart
81 k download
we also know how dan rather libeled george bush and impugned his service in the texas air national guard on a  60 minutes ii  report based largely on forged documents.
soblandercarrfut.com on 08152000 060348 pm
i just finish reading a really good book  it was actually a ebook  from some new series called the the tale of terra.
the story had brillant battle scenes, lovable heroes and villians, a compelling story line, and it left me dying for the next part of the series  go to taleofterra.com to learn more aboout it
during his time in the guard, george bush flew the f  102 delta dagger fighter  interceptor.
email  roving mouse  s...tack.net
the f  102 saw service in the vietnam theater between march 1962 and december 1969.
groups  alt.animals, alt.animals.cat, alt.animals.ethics.vegetarian, talk.politics.animals
during this time, f  102 squadrons were based out of tan son nhut, da nang and bien hoa in vietnam, and udorn and don muang in thailand.
followup  to  alt.animals
click here for source.
you will always find fascinating links at  extreme web surfs httpextremewebsurfs.blogspot.com  nice urban wildlife post today   me and the web httpmaartenvt.blogspot.com arts, history, animals, music, games, politics, technology, fun and more
..
the information contained herein is based on sources that we believe to be reliable, but we do not represent that it is accurate or complete.
email  franz371...gmail.com
as far as george bush knew, he and his unit could have been transferred to vietnam.
in all this so  called controversy, has anyone considered that perhaps george bush just wanted to fly jets
we have a date for the release of ragnarok online2  beta anyway  september 16  18, this was announced by gravity ceo kim jung  ryool on either 16th or 17th of july and as i do nt want to take someone s credits i got it here  gamespot
by the way we now have a  forum  in the post link
reply
email   ian   ian.gilb...btinternet.com
groups  alt.animals.cat
nothing contained herein should be considered as an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy any financial instruments discussed herein.
we have updated our site to include a lost and found page and you can now join our branch and make a secure on  line donation to the charity.
any opinions expressed herein are solely those of the author.
please do visit us and feel free to browse the site at www.southbhamcats.org.uk
and, let s remember, flying supersonic fighter jets is dangerous
ps  we also have more cats coming in for rehoming see our  homes wanted  page
as such, they may differ in material respects from those of, or expressed or published by on behalf of carr futures or its officers, directors, employees or affiliates.,
thanks for looking
2000 carr futures
ian  webmaster www.southbhamcats.org.uk
they do nt let just anybody do it.
key delhi blast suspect arrested
police in the indian capital delhi say they have arrested the suspected coordinator and financier of last month s deadly bomb blasts in the city.
the charts are now in the most recent version of adobe acrobat 4.0 and they should print clearly from adobe acrobat reader 3.0 or higher.
delhi police chief k k paul named the man as tariq ahmed dar, and said police were hunting for four accomplices.
some reporters  you know, the ones with journalistic ethics  have actually uncovered the truth about george bush s service in the texas air national guard.
for example, did you know that george bush spent considerably more time in uniform than john kerry
he said mr dar, 33, was arrested in indian  administered kashmir and belonged to the outlawed lashkar  e  toiba militant group.
adobe acrobat reader 4.0 may be downloaded for free from www.adobe.com.
the india diaries
i like the way otto jespersen  in  language  its nature, development and origin   aptly summarised the nature of language changes by comparing it with one of the theories of the manchester school of economics
everything is for the best in the best of all possible worlds if only no artificial hindrances are put in the way of free exchange, for demand and supply will regulate everything better than any government would be able to.
portia
this is a beautiful site and a wonderful idea.
and a portion of each package or memorial purchased goes to a charity on their database.
what follows is the text of an email sent to me by a friend of mine  thanks to dave manzano .
see attached file  unleadedstocks.pdf   see attached file  crudestocks.pdf   see attached file  heatingoilstocks.pdf   see attached file  paddiistockscl.pdf   see attached file  paddistocksho.pdf   see attached file  paddistockshu.pdf   see attached file  api.pdf
read on to learn the facts.
so be sure to get your pet s memorial on the site and if you have a charity  rescue, make sure it is listed on their database so you can receive some of the profits from the site.

best,
unleadedstocks.pdf
cindy
... there is no companion quite so devoted, so communicative, so loving and so mesmerizing as a rat.
cgoehring
email  anthony beavers  cognitivesciencen...gmail.com
inhibitory systems control the pattern of activity in the cortex
inhibitory systems are essential for controlling the pattern of activity in the cortex, which has important implications for the mechanisms of cortical operation, according to a yale school of medicine study in neuron ....
the findings demonstrate the inhibitory network is central to controlling not only the amplitude, extent and duration of activation of recurrent excitatory cortical networks, but also the precise timing of action potentials, and, thus, network synchronization ...

posted by anthony beavers to cognitive science news at 8282005 071820 am
email   engin i. erdem   erdemen...gmail.com

bush s national guard years
worldwatch projects catastrophe will be most costly weather  related disaster in history
crudestocks.pdf
washington, d.c.
before you fall for dems  spin, here are the facts
the overwhelming human and financial impacts of hurricane katrina are powerful evidence that political and economic decisions made in the united states and other countries have failed to account for our dependence on a healthy resource base, according to an assessment released today by the worldwatch institute.
what do you really know about george w. bush s time in the air national guard
heatingoilstocks.pdf
alteration of the mississippi river and the destruction of wetlands at its mouth have left the area around new orleans abnormally vulnerable to the forces of nature.
according to many scientists, the early results of global warming  90 degree fahrenheit water temperatures in the gulf and rising sea levels  may have exacerbated the destructive power of katrina.
...
that he did nt show up for duty in alabama
httpreflectioncafe.blogspot.com200509unnaturaldisastertheless...
that he missed a physical
email  n3td3v  xploita...gmail.com
that his daddy got him in
n3td3v saw this story on bbc news online and thought you should see it.
google defies us over search data
news coverage of the president s years in the guard has tended to focus on one brief portion of that time  to the exclusion of virtually everything else.
web giant google is resisting an attempt by the us to force it to reveal what users are searching for.
paddiistockscl.pdf
httpnews.bbc.co.ukgoemfr1hitechnology4630694.stm
so just for the record, here, in full, is what bush did
bbc daily email
paddistocksho.pdf
choose the news and sport headlines you want  when you want them, all in one daily email
paddistockshu.pdf
httpwww.bbc.co.ukdailyemail
disclaimer
the future president joined the guard in may 1968.
the bbc is not responsible for the content of this email, and anything written in this email does not necessarily reflect the bbc s views or opinions.
almost immediately, he began an extended period of training.
please note that neither the email address nor name of the sender have been verified.
api.pdf
if you do not wish to receive such emails in the future or want to know more about the bbc s email a friend service, please read our frequently asked questions.
httpnews.bbc.co.uk1hihelp4162471.stm
httpwww.reuters.co.uknewspackagearticle.jhtmltypeworldnewsstoryid624569sectionnews
six weeks of basic training.
with protests going on in the chilean capital of santiago  from the economic summit , president bush visited chinese president hu jintao and other key allies in santiago.
marlene hilliard
fifty  three weeks of flight training.
100899 0852 am
the talk of the day besides a more level playing field with china was north korea.
china has been a great help at getting north korea to the table and bush is hoping that with their cooperation korea can become a nuclear free peninsula.
reuters  jason reed
u.s. president george w. bush shakes hands with chinese president hu jintao in a bilateral meeting in santiago.
bush is in santiago for the annual asia  pacific economic cooperation  apec  leaders meeting.
hopefully president bush can accomplish these goals which will not only help strengthen our chinese allies, but will also help fight the war on terror.
selah

posted by hidden nook to hidden nook at 11202004 031035 pm
email  blackbayou  blackba...excite.com
groups  alt.animals.cat
i started this page to help with my boredom.
i have chronic lyme disease, so i m stuck at home.
i started collecting animations  jokes just to help with my boredom and depression.
i enjoyed the animations and wanted to share them with my friends.
so i started a small mailing list and added their addresses to it.
along with an area on the page for those to join the mailing list.
i started with 21 email addresses.
we now have over 5000 addresses.
my wife and i would love for you to come and visit our page
httpwww.myshutter.comflash.htm our collection of comedy
httpwww.myshutter.com before becoming disabled, i was an avid amateur photographer .. come and visit and sign our guestbook
posted via newsfeeds.com, uncensored usenet news
httpwww.newsfeeds.com  the 1 newsgroup service in the world
over 100,000 newsgroups  19 different servers
handcrafted furry animals wholesale, call for a catalog now
7326573416
has life like animal wholesale figurines made from rabbit and goat fur, feathers and sheep s wool.
twenty  one weeks of fighter  interceptor training.
on or about september 23, 1999 a request for service was placed by the above referenced counterparty.
dogs, cats, rabbits, wolves, moose, horses, you name it, we have it.
that was 80 weeks to begin with, and there were other training periods thrown in as well.
people love to buy these cute cuddly little animals for gifts and collectables.
they are very well made and realistic.
attention retail stores  vendors
the request was for a intrastate gas transportation agreement and 311 gas transportation agreement.
we are looking to expand our wholesale clients across the nation.
it was full  time work.
if you own a retail store or are a professional vendor who exhibits at sport, hunting, or craft shows and are interested in selling our products, please give us a call
by the time it was over, bush had served nearly two years.
7326573416
not two years of weekends.
these agreements were forwarded to the counterparty, ccng, inc..
we have a full color catalog and wholesale price list ready to mail to you today
two years.
no minimum order amount.
on or about october6, 1999, kelly cloud, senior vice president of ccng, inc.  713  2351972, called and informed me that the counterparty should be ccgm, l.p..
any orders at or over  500.00 an additional 10  off the total order.
further, she informed me that section7 of the agreement, which reads in part  gas is free from liens and adverse claims of every kind, should be changed because the gas that the counterparty will be transporting on hpl may and  or is subject to liens.
we accecpt  visa, mastercard, amex, dinner s club  carte blanche,  personal checks  money orders.
after training, bush kept flying, racking up hundreds of hours in f  102 jets.
animals r us.net bill schmidt animalsr...aol.com 7326573416 1027 jolson court manchester, n.j. 08759
she was instructed to destroy the agreement and another would be forwarded to her with the necessary corrections and rewording of section7.
wei s magic cubes
as he did, he accumulated points toward his national guard service requirements.
wei ligang, a rising star of modern art in china, just had an exhibition in midjuly, 2005 in hong kong.
at the time, guardsmen were required to accumulate a minimum of 50 points to meet their yearly obligation.
he is now lecturing in usa.
attached find the agreements for the necessary changes in section7.
his art perfectly combines painting and chinese calligraphy.
kelly
he is regarded as one of the leading avant  garde artist of modern calligraphy.
cloud has instructed me to call with any further questions.
his artworks were selected and exhibited in british museum in 2002.
according to records released earlier this year, bush earned 253 points in his first year, may 1968 to may 1969  since he joined in may 1968, his service thereafter was measured on a may  to  may basis .
bush earned 340 points in 1969  1970.
wei has given some virtuoso performances with brush and ink, often incorporating several different techniques into a single work,  said gordon s. barrass, curator of the exhibition.
thanks.
in the world of  wei s magic cubes,  all seem to be ingeniously planned and tricky.
marlene d. hilliard
all are mathematical, all are linguistic.
ginny, please see the attached guaranty.
a clean and redlined version are attached.
in wei s art, a logician could see mathematical logic, a cellist could see a ripple of nine bass notes, a country girl could see straw, and harry potter could see two accompanied green blazes.
in other words, bush earned enough points to satisfy the requirements for his entire six year hitch in 1969  1970 alone.
acd
... to gaze at wei s art is like entering a floating world of dreams.
he earned 137 points in 1970  1971.
the art of calligraphy in modern china  british museum press, 2002
i revised the language based on our discussions and added the language concerning interest which we had both previously approved.
httpnews.zdnet.co.ukinternet0,39020369,39187928,00.htm
photo from technology news
wiki media foundation, the group behind the wikipedia online encyclopedia project, said friday that search giant google has volunteered to host some of its content on company servers.
zd net
it looks like the war between microsoft and google is quickly brewing on the horizon.
microsoft is4 0  they took down netscape, suns systems, mac and ibm  and google may be their next target.
google is probably making this move to counter microsoft search using encarta  its online dictionary .
more below.
but it looks like google is nt opening its mouth about the reason behind the offer as linux news reports
while we do nt have anything specific to announce today, google and the wikimedia foundation are collaboratively evaluating creative ways to support wikipedia.org and its community.
and he earned 112 points in 1971  1972.
sure google, although this would put it on coarse for global domination of the internet by 2014.
it will be interesting to see whether or not google will finally slay the microsoft goliath, who has known no major defeat and seeks to vanquish all competition.
selah

posted by hidden nook to hidden nook at 2142005 070300 pm
email   ruth   ruth.penyc...bbc.co.uk
hello there
we are ok to execute this form.
the numbers indicate that in his first four years, bush not only showed up, he showed up a lot.
action network is a bbc website for people who are taking action on issues that concern them.
did you know that
i m getting in touch because i think it could be useful to people campaigning about hospital closures.
we ve got a page dedicated to issues around hospitals  httpwww.bbc.co.ukdnaactionnetworkc55153  and a group called nhs sos have already put up a campaign about ward closures in cumbria.
let me know if acceptable and i will go ahead and execute.
thanks.
that brings the story to may 1972  the time that has been the focus of so many news reports  when bush  deserted   according to antibush filmmaker michael moore  or went  awol   according to terry mcauliffe, chairman of the democratic national committee .
i m hoping to build this up to be a hub for all the campaigners  a place where people can exchange ideas and advice.
bush asked for permission to go to alabama to work on a senate campaign.
it would be great if the person from chant who started this page would put up a short description of the campaign and a list to this group page on the action network site.
his superior officers said ok.
action network is also a good place to post details of events, or try to rally together a group if you want to take action in your area.
townsend, george   gtownsendmanorisd.net
requests like that were nt unusual, says retired col. william campenni, who flew with bush in 1970 and 1971.
you can attach anything you write to pages for your local area, as well as to the  issue  pages.
03272001 0911 am
i m more than happy to help people with the site or answer any questions about action network  just drop me a message.
puto,
otherwise, hope to see you there
what s going on dude
kind regards
antigua was awesome.
ruth penycate www.bbc.co.ukactionnetwork
i survived it without a problem.
winston peters is visiting a school.
heather moving in has been a different story.
in one class, he asks the students if anyone can give him an example of a  tragedy .
i did nt realize how much  stuff  you could pack into a one bedroom apartment.
in 1972, there was an enormous glut of pilots,  campenni says.
the vietnam war was winding down, and the air force was putting pilots in desk jobs.
one little boy stands up and offers that,  if my best friend who lives next door was playing in the street when a car came along and killed him, that would be a tragedy .
how is your love life.
no,  winston says,  that would be an accident.
the gal from the wedding was pretty hot.
a girl raises her hand.
are you still chasing that
if a school bus carrying fifty children drove off a cliff, killing everyone involved ... that would be a tragedy .
let s get together soon.
i m afraid not,  explains winston,  that is what we would call a great loss.
our extra bedroom is nicer now.
the room is silent, none of the other children volunteer.
my old bed got tossed in a dumpster.
what   asks winston,  is nt there any one here who can give me an example of a tragedy
in 72 or 73, if you were a pilot, active or guard, and you had an obligation and wanted to get out, no problem.
finally, a boy in the back raises his hand.
it smelled like shit.
in a timid voice, he says   if an airplane carrying winston peters was blown up by a bomb, that would be a tragedy .
in fact, you were helping them solve their problem.
wonderful   winston beams.
so bush stopped flying.
marvelous
from may 1972 to may 1973, he earned just 56 points  not much, but enough to meet his requirement.
and can you tell me why that would be a tragedy
then, in 1973, as bush made plans to leave the guard and go to harvard business school, he again started showing up frequently.
well,  says the boy,  because it would nt be an accident, and it certainly would nt be a great loss
in june and july of 1973, he accumulated 56 points, enough to meet the minimum requirement for the 1973  1974 year.
httpwww.space.comastronotesastronotes.html
talk to you later
photo from space.com
gt
space.com
how is it going
did you survive the honeymoon
these look fine to me.
it looks like the lunar transportation systems, inc. is visualizing a  space highway  going from the moon to earth  and back again .
then, at his request, he was given permission to go.
our new lunar transportation system utilizes a unique architecture that will establish the equivalent of a two  way highway between the earth and the moon,  kistler told space.com.
go ahead and forward to brant if you are ready.
joan woodson
our plans include raising private capital to develop, build, flight test, and operate this earth  moon highway for the benefit of the country and the benefit of our investors.
bush received an honorable discharge after serving five years, four months and five days of his original six  year commitment.
wise decision to go through the private sector  nasa s budget may be kinda tight to fund a project like this.
08102000 0828 am
this group does sound pretty interesting though.
enron investment partners
the lunar transporatation systems  lts  is actually being funded by two space businessmen, walter kistler and bob citron.
congratulations
both of these men are heavily involved in the private sector of the space industry, and both are also involved with another space company called spacehab.
you ve all won
by that time, however, he had accumulated enough points in each year to cover six years of service.
they want to use lts to tie into nasa s vision for space exploration, and seem pleased that the white house is moving in that direction.
during his service, bush received high marks as a pilot.
we are so excited that the white house and the recent new government space policy underscores the need to involve the private sector in assisting nasa develop its plans for the new vision for space exploration,  said walter kistler, lts cofounder and chairman.
... now comes the fun part ....
with their proposal of a  earth  moon  highway, it looks like space tourism may become a reality sooner than we think.
a 1970 evaluation said bush  clearly stands out as a top notch fighter interceptor pilot  and was  a natural leader whom his contemporaries look to for leadership.
selah
the following have made a team for the game show on august 17th.

a 1971 evaluation called bush  an exceptionally fine young officer and pilot  who  continually flies intercept missions with the unit to increase his proficiency even further.
posted by hidden nook to hidden nook at 2152005 051200 pm
and a 1972 evaluation called bush  an exceptional fighter interceptor pilot and officer.
httpwww.space.commissionlaunchesft050829kscspacefuture.html
now, it is only natural that news reports questioning bush s service  in the boston globe and the new york times, on cbs and in other outlets  would come out now.
space.com
thanks to all who volunteered.
u.s. astronauts will launch to the moon on sleek, single, shuttle booster rockets and the first new upper  stage rocket this country has developed in more than a decade, nasa and the pentagon have told the white house.
democrats are spitting mad over attacks on john kerry s record by the group swift boat veterans for truth.
and, as it is with kerry, it s reasonable to look at a candidate s entire record, including his military service  or lack of it.
lunar landers and other gear needed for extended visits to the moon will be lofted by gargantuan launchers as big as the apollo  era saturn5, the most powerful rockets ever flown.
voters are perfectly able to decide whether it s important or not in november.
it looks as if nasa is transitioning away from the shuttle model, as in the past they have proven to be quite dangerous as columbia has recently proved.
you will remain as alternates.
although these new rockets are probably more expensive, they will be able to go at a much greater range than its shuttle cousins, as they can not only break free from the atmosphere but reach the moon as well.
the kerry camp blames bush for the swift boat veterans  attack, but anyone who has spent much time talking to the swifties gets the sense that they are doing it entirely for their own reasons.
nasa will initiate development of a crew launch vehicle derived from space shuttle solid rocket boosters with a new upper stage for human spaceflight,  said the letter, signed by nasa administrator mike griffin and the pentagon s top space official, exastronaut ron sega ...
analyst team participants
analyst team1  coach  lisa gilette
nasa then plans to develop a new 100  metric  ton  class launch vehicle derived from existing capabilities with the space shuttle external tanks and solid rocket boosters for future missions to the moon,  the letter said.
and it should be noted in passing that kerry has personally questioned bush s service, while bush has not personally questioned kerry s.
nasa is planning on using these new shuttles to replace the current models, with industry forecasters predicting a launch as early as 2014.
the new rocket design will differ slightly from its predecessors, in the fact that the crew and cargo would launch separately from two different rockets each and join up in space later on.
kristen quinn, sarah mulholland, samuel pak, daniel kang
analyst team2  coach  doug sewell
launching this way will hopefully avoid future disasters, giving more support towards nasa revisiting the stars.
jeffrey synder, ryan hinze, sheetal patel, johnathan anderson

posted by hidden nook to hidden nook at 8302005 093600 pm
associate team participants
george and lynne
image001.jpg
51 k download
funny stuff
lifted from another list
amy
in april  before the swift boat veterans had said a word  kerry said bush  has yet to explain to america whether or not, and tell the truth, about whether he showed up for duty.

associate team1  coach  ben markey
we could certainly slow the aging process down if it had to work its way through congress.
mary john, russell dyk, webb jennings, martin gonzales
will rogers
earlier, kerry said,  just because you get an honorable discharge does not, in fact, answer that question.
i had a rose named after me and i was very flattered.
now, after the swift boat episode, the spotlight has returned to bush.
but i was not pleased to read the description in the catalog   no good in a bed, but fine against a wall.
that s fine.
eleanor roosevelt
mixed a  a team2  coach  melanie king brandon luna  analyst, bryan hull  analyst, eduardo tellechea  associate, milson mundim  associate

we should know as much as we can.
and perhaps someday kerry will release more of his military records as well.
santa claus has the right idea.
alternates  heather johnson, usman shaukat, gerard benitez, matthew almy, travis hanson
visit people only once a year.
byron york is a white house correspondent for national review.
victor borge
who wants to help millions for united way

his column appears in the hill each week.
by all means, marry.
if you get a good wife, you ll become happy  if you get a bad one, you ll become a philosopher.
socrates

i was married by a judge.
i should have asked for a jury.
groucho marx

my wife has a slight impediment in her speech.
every now and then she stops to breathe.
jimmy durante

i have never hated a man enough to give his diamonds back.
zsa zsa gabor

only irish coffee provides in a single glass all four essential food groups  alcohol, caffeine, sugar and fat.
alex levine

money ca nt buy you happiness ... but it does bring you a more pleasant form of misery.
spike milligan

until i was thirteen, i thought my name was shut up.
joe namath

youth would be an ideal state if it came a little later in life.
herbert henry asquith

i do nt feel old.
i do nt feel anything until noon.
then it s time for my nap.
bob hope

do nt worry about avoiding temptation ... as you grow older, it will avoid you.
winston churchill

maybe it s true that life begins at fifty ... but everything else starts to wear out, fall out, or spread out.
phyllis diller

by the time a man is wise enough to watch his step, he s too old to go anywhere.
billy crystal

we hope you do
do you yahoo
tired of spam
how to pledge
yahoo mail has the best spam protection around
one week to elections day and the general atmosphere in the capital is eerie, yet strikingly familiar.
imagejpgpart
this year it is very easy to make your contribution.
i suspect the streets of baghdad will look as if a war is looming this week.
52 k download
what language is talked in iguazu
simply type in the following united way link, httpunitedway.enron.com or go directly to internet explorer or netscape and type in unitedway.enron.com in the address field.
portuguese
there is no doubt that many iraqis regard the date of 30 january as a day of renewed hope, one they have been awaiting all their lives, but at the same time, many others are already dreading it.
spanish
either option should take you directly to enron s united way 2000 campaign site.
green tea or white tea
the interim government has promised security measures that would reduce the violence on the day of elections, but i fail to see how they will be able to protect all 5,000  or so  balloting centres.
green
please note  your pledge is to be made electronically  it only takes minutes.
green tea.
many voting centres have already been successfully attacked or destroyed in many areas.
green tea
no physical pledge cards.
what is this miramar
it is a place in argentina lol
now that the picture is clear, the two main competing lists seem to be the united iraqi coalition list and allawi s al  iraqiya list.
does anyone know any good restaurants in cordoba
not me sorry.
questions  if you have any questions regarding the pledging process, please contact joan woodson  35213 , bert frazier  35076  or kathy mayfield  33264 .
does anyone know of any good food in iguazu
you know that both oneal and matt are out
not me sorry.
ayad allawi, and other ministers running on his list, have quite expectedly used their governmental positions in campaigning.
which wonderful contact of mine is thumbs upping all my best answers
one minister reportedly handed out 100 dollar  gifts  to journalists attending a press conference for allawi, a practice that brings back bad memories to many iraqis.

what are some major land forms in ireland
mountains, cliffs, peat bogs, valleys
do you know the online streaming link for red fm 93.5 delhi
any format url
yes.
how fare of kolkatta
kolkatta is an indian state.
lol ... kolkata is not for sale
roflmao
which do you prefer crab or shrimp
i like shrimp, fried, grilled, or steamed.
crab
shrimp
how much does it cost to join world resorts international
could not find any info online
email them at address below
sheikh naji al  abbudi, a spokesman for sistani, affirmed the claims that the grand ayatollah is backing the united iraqi coalition list.
email  memberservicesworldresortsinternational.com
game tonight at7, it s time to kick some ass.
m
indeed, sistani s agents all over the country have been quite active in educating iraqi shia on the merits of elections, which has led to the assassination of at least two of them.
who is artist gunther uecker  explain
al  abbudi stated that  his emminence  decided to openly support the list because  others   obviously a reference to allawi  have been abusing official state positions and media outlets in their campaigning.
httpwww.kettererkunst.combioguntheruecker1930.shtml
again there is no official written statement from sistani s office confirming this allegation, which i think is intentional.
his work
ahmed al  chalabi and defense minister hazim al  shalan have been engaging in shrill public attacks over the media.
httpwww.google.comsearchhlenrlz1g1gglqenus359qguntherueckerbiographygssmcgsupl484l484l0l5093l1l1l0l0l0l0l328l328l31l1l0um1ieutf8tbmischsourceogsantabwibiw1221bih756seixvg5tqrrgoxk2axg0rybwum1hlenrlz1g1gglqenus359tbmischsa1qguntherueckerartistpbx1oqguntherueckeraq1saqig1gs3aqlgssmcgsupl10219l10219l0l13797l1l1l0l0l0l0l125l125l0.1l1l0bavon.2,or.rgc.rpw.,cf.osbfp13ddcdc64cbf5fdbiw1221bih756
how much does it cost to buy a big mac meal in your area
i have not gotten a good response so i think shanna and i are going to stay in town.
here in indiana i think it s like 3 or 4 for a meal.
in n out of the chicago area
chalabi describing shalan as a  baathist  and a  former double agent for saddam and the cia , while shalan dismisses chalabi as a  thief  and an  iranian stooge who longs for his own origins by defending iran .
the weather is going to be fine, hector was just blowing smoke.
which burger chain do you think is as good as in n out or better in the chicago area besides five guys and smashburger
one remark made by shalan on al  arabiya tv, that he could nt say more about chalabi because he would embarrass himself and the viewers almost made me roll on the floor.
where to buy bodybuilding supplements in delhi
christa winfrey
any particular shop that you know of and their number.
it was an extremely amusing episode, watching chalabi looking smug and amused, contrasted with shalan, all serious and barely keeping himself from swearing.
atal pharmacy, karol bag.
kindly contact laxmi nagar zim in delhi ..
fistfights, please.
do you think there are any koreans in miramar
08082000 1136 am
heck there must be at least1 korean.
have you heard from anyone
no, but i do believe some koreans reside in the country of ha  ha
hazim al  shalan, by the way, is the son of the late sheikh of al  khazail in diwaniya and has the potential to replace former information minister, m.s. al  sahaf, in his nonsensical media statements, which can be passed as jokes.
also, what s the deal with the weather this weekend
can you use the  find my phone  feature to track someone else s phone
you d need their apple id and password, if you had that then yes you can track any iphone.
besides eating good foods, what else do people do in miramar
well, they have a variety of sports that they play like basketball, soccer, etc.
well they play the wii like me
is hank green awesome
the hank green i know is hardly awesome.
he needs a shower, and he picks his nose all the time.
he is at his best when he is doing his nerd impression ...
weather in december in tremblant
the main kurdish coalition list  puk and kdp  is barely mentioned outside the kurdish region.
typically it s cold.
is it supposed to be storming
there may or may not be snow, depending on local weather conditions.
even there, many kurds look and act as if they are going to grab the chance to vote them out of power.
in the ski resort areas, there will likely be man  made snow on the slopes.
by the way, buy it now bc it is going to 100 by year end.
jay is it necessary to varnish my oil paintings or just leave them be
your father never listens to me, what can i say
thx for your ans.
but, i m very happy for you
as in the old days, varnish is often used as a protective film against years of dirt, grease, smoke, etc.
how are you
fun picture websites
any news on aunt toni
i m looking for websites like flickr.com tumblr.com and autocorrects.com but ones that are nt very common and have a variety of funny pictures
lu
please give me lots of links and places to look
i doubt that will be the outcome though.
thank you
m
ifunny.com
many iraqis, including conservative and religious iraqis, are surprisingly rooting for the iraqi communist party, probably in an attempt to counter the influence of islamists in the forthcoming national assembly.
the communist party has the largest number of registered party members in the country and can be considered as the oldest popular political party in iraq.
how do you mold silicone or rubber into a mermaid tail
its support base is much larger than what it seems.
carve one in your chosen medium.
make a mold.
glad to hear all is well.
cast.
depending on scale, just buy a fish and make a mold from that
they sell these kits in most hobby and craft stores.

do you prefer ham, bacon or sausages with your breakfast
without a doubt ..... bacon
i meant to comment that i thought the people profiled in the article should pull their heads out of their self important asses.
thick cut bacon or really good sausages
several candidates were assassinated and targeted these last two weeks, others have been forced under threats to withdraw and to follow the example of the islamic party.
sectarian tensions are at their highest since april, 2004, with sunni insurgents now openly attacking husseiniyas and shia mosques.
it is nt about finding the meaning of life at work.
with my breakfast i like bacon and sausage when i having a big breakfast like a grand slam with pancakes and the works.
it is all about the .
can police trace a cell phone even if it is switched off
work hard.
can police trace a cell phone even if it is switched off
i had an interesting conversation with a middle  aged taxi driver who used to live in fallujah and is now at relatives in amiriya, baghdad.
yeah you got ta burn it .. that s the only way
make .
yes, they all have secret locator chips, just like gps
retire young.
yes.
things with me are great.
mazzoni s deli best italian food in phila pa
after asking me which tribe i belong to  thus assessing my sectarian background  he started hurling abuses at the shia, calling them persians, majoos  fire worshippers , rabid dogs and a handful of other descriptions that i ca nt mention here.
moving back to calgary in about a month which is a little sooner than i thought i would be going back but when opportunity knocks you got ta go.
he described allawi s face as that of a fed horse and he dismissed the whole government as a band of thieves and traitors.
is mazzoni s deli at 3901 conshocken ave in phila pa really the best italian food in the country
because all of the food blogs i ve read say so and i will travel from maryland if that s true
yep
take care.
dinner and dancing in chicago
i m under 21  and looking for a nice place to take my boyfriend out for dinner where they play music and there is a dance floor.
it s okay if it s a little pricier.
i did nt argue with him but i asked him what he believed would be a viable solution to this mess.
any good suggestions would really be appreciated.
he said that resistance was the only commonsense solution.
rumba room
first driving out the americans, then fighting the shia back into submission  as in 1991 .
courage the cowardly dog
sunni iraqis contend that elections are impossible to hold under occupation.
in the episode  so in louvre are we two , how many diffrent painting  scupltures are their and who are the artists
link to video  httpwww.livevideo.comvideoc8f5bbec570c4a4dbc326f694d79942acouragethecowardlydogso.aspx
you should really ask this in the art section.
they re probably just drawn for the show anyways.
name something you find at a carnival that comes on a stick
cotton candy
corn dog
i do nt hear from you in months and then you level me with such a thought provoking, soul searching article.
candy apple
meat kabob
ship on a stick  prize at various trivia type contests on board.
all of those d
monkey brain.
what country are we talking about
i like my monkey brain on a stick for sure.
thanks for thinking of me to send it to.
how come no one bothers to ask any questions in this section
i mean besides me of course.
because obviously most people have never even heard of this section.
someone had to be first.
i really enjoyed reading it.
i have never been there.
leaving aside the fact that this views conflicts with other historical examples in the region, sunnis have never offered an alternative choice, which eventually leads one to guess that the opinion held by the fallujan taxi driver above is precisely what they are planning to implement.
i had another conversation some months ago with a retired baathist old  timer who claimed that baathists have the means to stage a third coup detat and return to power within 10 hours of an american withdrawal.
well, i do nt ask questions here because i have no clue what  iguazu  is ...
what do you think of air france
i love air france
we certainly fit into certain parts of the article.
their service is top  notch and i especially love the free french champagne served even in economy.
on sensing my incredulity to his statement he asserted that baathist cells exist in all parts of the country and that they do have a central command, even though many have formed seperate cells  often under islamic labels  with their own leaderships.
i also find their food way better than many other airlines.
there are a few life theories like that which working through.
plus you land in a preferential terminal ...
he said that they have the training and the funding as well as the support of neighbouring and regional governments.
i go out of my way to use air france.
i concur that baathists and former security forces are capable of immediately controlling at least5 out of 18 governorates, along with the capital, if americans are to be removed from the picture entirely.
expensive
but i also see that as a fatal misconception, which is doing sunnis harm, because i do nt believe the us is going anywhere so soon.
what s the difference between indian and african ringnecks and alexandrine parrots
it s all interesting stuff.
i was fixing to buy an indian ringneck, did a bunch of research,  i m a very experienced bird owner, macaws, cockatoos, amazons ,
how are things going with you
and noticed two other breeds that look a lot alike.
any government that assumes power after the elections also realises this, so not even sistani is going to call the us to withdraw its troops, despite what he is saying now, not until they are ensured the insurgency is out of the picture, or that they have an alternative foreign power  in this case iran  to back them up.
so does anyone know what the difference is
the only hope now is that, following the elections, the national assembly would offer the hand of peace and reconciliation to the dissenting parties.
thanks
are you enjoying houston
if i preorder a game at gamestop can someone else pick it up for me
i would suggest going for tribal sheikhs rather than clerics, since they have the upper hand in their areas and can effectively root out any baathists in their midst in return for a promise of sharing power and authority.
london has been great.
i put 5 bucks down for it too.
no they wo nt be able to some gamestops do nt check id for the preorder so some ppl can get away with doing this but a lot of store want to see your id and  or your reciept of the preorder
has anyone ever worked for steiner leisure cruises
many of these sheikhs have been disenfranchised and abused over the last two years.
i m considering taking a job with steiner and noticed i have to pay for all my travel.
brokering over here has been pretty rewarding.
was wondering if anyone knew a rough estimate of how much it costs with travel and training
i have nt personally but i know a couple of people who have.
wendi has worked for them have a look at her blog.
best pos system in philadelphia
what is the best pos system i can buy in philadelphia pa
i need something reliable and good looking.
prosperity pos makes the best pos systems.
i use them for my restaurant and always get compliments on the sleek look of the mac system not to mention how good the support is.
do yourself a favor and give them a call.
very recently, us forces in al  anbar made a terrible blunder by accidentally killing abdul  razaq inad al  guud, sheikh of the al  bu nimr clan from the powerful dulaym tribe.
httpwww.prosperitypos.compya
traders over here seem to have a lot more respect for other humans.
what are  good  speakers
al  guud had favoured elections and was in good terms with the government.
i ve been looking at the bose sound dock 10 i ve currently got a jvc mini hifi system, i was wondering what would be a good set of speakers.
i like music very loud and with a lot of bass.
the guud family even accepted to be offered the seat of al  anbar governor some months back.
catriona is well and has landed herself a pretty cool job in pr.
keep in touch,
mike
also i was wondering, is it true that the bigger the speakers are the better.
the al  bu nimr in ramadi and al  qaim rose in arms against saddam in the midnineties following the execution of thamir madhlum al  dulaymi, an air force general belonging to their tribe.
thanks
the revolt took two weeks to be suppressed by the republican guard.
b  w.
another bad step was the recent arrest of sheikh hassan al  lihabi, of the lihaib tribe which is scattered between the governorates of al  anbar, mosul and salah al  din.
bose is not good
michael j. mcdermott mjmcdermotthotmail.com
usps delivery in auckland, nz
i have ordered bose headfones worth 300 usd.
they have been shipped using usps priority mail international parcels.
will i have to pay customs in nz.
it s a gift from my brother.
al  lihaibi was running in elections and is now said to have withdrawn following this incident.
why will hav to pay customs if it is a gift ...

get your free download of msn explorer at httpexplorer.msn.comintl.asp
i always thought there s no custom charges for gifts.
i believe national reconciliation to be the only path forward to a new iraq.
yup.
for me it is nt about fulfillment or finding my life s purpose in my work.
yes, you must pay customs duties.
the shia can not live without the sunnis, and vice versa.
24 hour fast resturants near by
it s all about the .
well there s mc. donald s, taco bell, burger king .....
both have shared this country for the last 14 centuries and there is no possible way that one can live without the other.
but my resturant is way better than all of them ... and it s quite close.
work hard and retire early.
it s just up the highway and right around the corner ....
even partition is not a possibility, there are no clear borders between the two.
nearby what
loop, north side, south side, near suburbs, far suburbs
chicago s a big area.
cheers
portillo s or white castle  d
remember luis posada carriles
nzers  have you decided who you re going to vote for
and has this changed from previous years
i m just curious.
bay of plenty  are you even old enough to vote
chris
hahaha
not sure yet
john key, and no
here s a miami herald interview with the relaxed terrorist and former cia operative in a luxury condo, published yesterday.
maybe labour.
john key is too busy looking after his rich mates, while the rest of us pay.
yes, i have usually voted national.
i do see myself as a conservative
arriving in auckland on a direct flight from canada.
will we be allowed to take duty free bottles onto our connecting flight to christchurch
in our hand luggage or do we have to put it into our checked luggage
yes.
i do nt think it matters
we ll see you on  border patrol
yes you can carry your duty free bottles, and liquids onto your connection as it is only a domestic flight
studying in quebec, canada
p.s. i am moving back to calgary in about a month.
if i went into the  preuniversity  direction with business administration in mind.
at first i hid a lot.
say after i finished those2 years and i found a job.
enron continues to feel free to move me around at will.
would i be able to go back to school after a year break at a university to get a bachelor s degree in business administration
i thought the us government was looking for me.
any information would help.
thank you
i am actually really looking forward to it.
you should be able to no problem.
let s discuss next time we have amstel lights together.
jolene harvey
universities will take you whatever age you are.
05222001 0925 am
what would you call the device that hold up your photography backdrop
about our lifestyle ...
and where can i find them
see attached file  text.htm
background support systems.
notice
or background stands
this transmittal and  or attachments may be a confidential attorney  client communication or may otherwise be privileged or confidential.
buy them in any good photography supplies shop.
now i hide a lot less.
frame
because of such talk, posada has been taken into custody by immigration officials.
thumbs down
i ca nt imagine they wanted to do this.
odd considering this is a search on the net
if you are not the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that you have received this transmittal in error  any review, dissemination, distribution or copying of this transmittal is strictly prohibited.
httpwww.google.co.uksearchqbackdropframeieutf8oeutf8aqtrlsorg.mozillaenusofficialclientfirefoxasafeactivesout1
if you have received this transmittal and  or attachments in error, please notify us immediately by reply or by telephone  call us collect at1 2128488400  and immediately delete this message and all its attachments.
backdrop stand.
authorities would likely have been happy answering questions about posada s whereabouts with an indefinite shrug.
as recently as last week the official line stated they had no knowledge he had entered the country.
google the term or find photography supplies websites and put it in the search box  or look for studio equipment supplies .
out of carnival, royal caribbean, and norweigan  cruises  which is the best and why
thank you.
i prefer royal caribbean out of all these.
but comfortable among the thugs, posada overplayed his hand and embarrassed his old patron, the us government.
there is so much to do onboard.
text.htm  file  text.htm
the new ncl epic does sound amazing, although i have nt sailed on her yet.
none of the above.
of these three, it s a toss  up between royal and carnival.
and though he d been a faithful servant, he was not such a player that he could get away with that.
i was thinking of converting it to a hover vehicle.
ncl is a notch below either, in terms of quality and service.
will usb cell phone chargers still charge even if they re hooked up to a computer that is turned off
i might just sell the car and get you to drive me around all winter.
mine does.
how about skidoo skis for the front and tracks for the back ..
i have the htc evo.
depends on the computer
lexus is 300.
if the computer is completely shut off, the usb ports are nt getting power, so they wo nt charge your phone
he should have taken a cue from another bomber some pesky dark  skinned foreigners want extradited, cia operative michael meiring.
many pcs have sleep  charge now, that allow the pc to go into sleep mode, and still allow the usb ports to charge things like phones.
not sure if i am going to buy 17  or 16  wheels for the winter.
what is a good slogan for an argentinian restaurant
posada should have told any inquisitive journalist at his doorstep something like meiring told the single american reporter who bothered following his bloody trail from the philippines, that  if this harms me in any way, you will find my power then, and you ll find out who i am.
in argentina, beef is revered, respected, and praised.
come see how we continue this tradition.
a taste of argentina.
jackass.
here are some articles that discuss the details of slogan writing.
you have always been on the move seeking affectionate, satisfying and harmonious relationships.
why certain slogans work and why some do nt.
you will find these helpful in writing a new slogan.
but then, maybe that would nt have saved him either, because posada is not meiring.
posada can be given up, but meiring ca nt.
a look at slogans  httpwww.smallbusinesssoftware.netlookatslogans.htm
unique selling proposition  httpwww.smallbusinesssoftware.netuniquesellingproposition.htm
good luck
your ultimate goal has been the realisation of an intimate union in which there could be love, self  sacrifice and mutual trust.
no mad cow  guaranteed
meiring s crimes are fresh, and wave the false flag which is the  war on terror.
which compact system camera should i get ...
i m looking for a camera that has really good zoom during a video and pictures  and good quality pictures  videos
they happened in the philippines which, like pakistan, is an important and vulnerable node for the business which intelligence agencies and terrorist organizations conduct with each other.
i m planning on buying a compact system camera at best buy  so please list the one  s  i should purchase.
it has often been said that  true love is just around the corner  ... and maybe ... if you have nt found it as yet  you possibly soon will.
also how much do compact system cameras drop on boxing day
ask terry nichols about the philippines.
in the past there have been .. and maybe there still are many things that you have had to do without.
and i can upload my pictures and videos on the computer  facebook
the bombings implicated muslims, and exacerbated regional tensions which the bush regime and its friends wearing the brass in the philippine military sought to exploit.
have a look at sony wx10
you have now decided to set your sights on a position or situation that could give you greater prestige and which will afford you considerable self esteem.
i need creative art ideas
what are some cool ideas for making a postor usint the word mad on a white paper in a weird or artsy way
the actual word  mad  has to be on the cover and incorporated into the image.
posada s crimes, on the other hand, must seem like ancient history, especially to a people who do nt know their history.
and to those who do nt even know their crimes, not even that.
mad means crazy, or angry, so you do a lot with it, i would put a gorrilla screaming, just the face, and just throw in a lot of brushes fifferent colors, make it look artistic.
you wear your heart on your sleeve ... and since you are an emotional person you are apt to give your all ... heart and soul ... to all those that show you a little affection ... but take care ... it would appear that you have been extremely hurt in the past ... and you keep leaving yourself wide open for punishment ..
use photoshop.
tttthhhhh madonna
what is the fall of hanoi
but will posada be given up
can anyone tell me exactly what it is and what took place
i ca nt find any information about it
when the french returned to indochina at the end of ww ii the viet minh were in control of the red river delta.
whatever you strive to do, something always seems to be holding you back.
there is no subterfuge in you.
they chased the communists out of the capital  hanoi  and retook control.
i doubt he will be extradited to venezuela, which is the only way that question could be answered with a yes.
is that what you are referring to
i expect it will be determined that, under  strong man  hugo chavez, posada could not be guaranteed a fair trial.
you need to check out the french indochina war  1946  1954  not the vietnam war  1957  1975 .
the hope may be that posada can soon be offered to a postchavez allawi  like puppet in caracas.
does a pacman absolutely need a uv lamp
or maybe something humid or heat
i assume you are talking about a pacman frog.
you are a clear thinker and all you demand from life, in a relationship, is a partner whom you can trust and with whom you can, together, develop a foundation of trust based on understanding.
no, technically they do not need a uvb light  they are nocturnal.
however, it certainly would nt hurt if you wanted to provide one.
a pacman frog will need a heat source that creates a basking temp in the upper 80s f for at least 10  12 hours a day.
do nt forget to use a calcium supplement twice a week  captive reptiles are prone to calcium deficiency.
whether such an offer were accepted or declined would make no difference  justice would not be served then.
surprise romantic cheap date night san francisco
but posada s nearly 80 years old, and the venezuelan people will ensure that s a vain hope.
looking for a surprise spot to take my bf.
so instead posada may be held indefinitely, in comfortable custody.
you are your own person ... and you demand freedom of thought ... to follow your own convictions.
a bar would be nice but also something extremely unique.
you have no interest in  two  timing  and all you seek is sincerity and  straight  dealing .
i would like to have one of those super random surprisingly nice nights out ... suggestions
you wish to be left in peace ... no more conflict and no more differences of opinion ...
o and the cheaper the better  we are trying to save money now, sooo .. that d b helpful  thanks
in fact you just do nt want to be involved in any arguments of any shape or form ...
why not put together a bottle of champagne, a picnic and have a date on treasure island.
all you want is for  them  to get on with it  and to leave you alone ..
cheap, great view, time together.
john,
there are plenty of cheap restaurants.
sorry for not sending it to you earlier  totally forgot to open my outlook .
try sanfranguide.com
an embarrassment to the us still, just not as embarrassing as having the old killer strut about miami, gloating in his freedom.
my lhasa apso hind legs are not working
raw data is on the fisrt tab of the file to the right.
meiring is more than an embarrassment.
for the past few days she has been shivering and wo nt eat but she could walk now her hid legs are not working but she is back to her self .. what should i do.
let me know if you have any questions.
vladi.
just pray for her adnd try to hlep your dog and do some physical therapy on the hind legs and take her to the vet and ig it costs a whole lot ask hlep from you friends and family adn since she s not eating feed her by hand
hey vladi,
take her to the vet.
obviously take her to the vet
his case threatens the consensus fiction of the  war on terror.
how much would it cost for me to take me and three friends to andiamo s restaurant for dinner
do you still have the historical nymex settle file that you created for lavo s spread analysis
hi, i m looking to take myself and my best friend and his girl friend and this girl i really like out to dinner for my birthday.
so his name will remain unspoken.
i really want to go to andiamo s for my birthday and i was just wondering how much it would cost for the four of us to eat there
have no idea what kind of restaurant this is or where it is.
if you do would you send me a copy
best count on  50 per person no matter what.
another connection to philippine terror and weapons smuggling  dating from the 1980s  is alleged in the book disposable patriot, by jack terrell.
or more if you have drinks.
i need suggestions for san francisco restaurants with good food and good catering service.
thanks.
i need suggestions on restaurants in san francisco with good food and good catering service.
terrell, a cia asset originally recruited for the contra effort, identifies the man attempting to recruit him into the philippine scheme as oliver north ...
i seem to recall the object was to smuggle explosives.
i have two upcoming events one is for 200 and another is for 21.
httpwww.amazon.caexecobidosasin091576538170133774568181939
american food, soul food, mexican, italian, and chinese are the options.
here is a great list of different restaurants in san francisco
httpsanfranguide.comrestaurants
john
well since i do nt know your budget, i recommend hakka restaurant for chinese food
it s cheap and it s good
prime ribs have very good food but it s super expensive
i ve read the book  it s a first person memoir with the ring of truth, especially since so much of the wider context has confirmed the allegations of contra drug connections that led to terrell becoming a target for discrediting by the twig counterintelligence group that ran interference for the contra effort, staffed by covert ops types including ollie north, robert owen, vince cannistaro and buck revell.
try yelp.com
peter dale scott includes an account of how terrell s whistleblowing was stifled by them in his book cocaine politics.
how many ounces in a pint in ireland
... same ole, same ole ...
attached is a new link for employees unable to attend the all  employee meeting today at 10 a.m.  cdt  at the hyatt regency houston, imperial ballroom.
depends of what.
if you are located in london, calgary, toronto, omaha, new york, portland  ena  or houston, you can access the live event at httphome.enron.comemployeemeeting.
ounces measure weight, pints measure volume.
due to the judge in the 1983 case ruling that a cia agent could not testify using a pseudonym, therefore opening him to crossexamination by wilson, the prosecution had a problem.
if you mean fluid ounces, 20, as opposed to the 16 in america.
constance,
an irish pint is larger than a us one.
they needed someone that could convince the jury they had been able to see all relevant documents in cia files on wilson.
20 fluid ounces in a pint in ireland
i was on vacation from october 4th to october 19th and i did nt submit my timesheet yet.
as r  g said, there are only 16 in an american one.
wilson was claiming that he had been working for the cia when he sold the c 4 to quaddaffi.
i tried to do it on the hronline web  site, but the procedure is too complicated.
know this well because i remember an  irish  pub in the town in canada i grew up in used to advertise the cheapest pints of guinness in town, but they served them in american sized pints.
is it possible that you or somebody else in the hr department mark the vacation time
that place did nt stay open too long d
the prosecution was charging he was a rogue using his contacts from former service in both cia and the  office of naval intelligence .
need help finding irish music
i would really appreciate that.
i love the script and know the re from iraland.
wilson had been able to show that he d had more than 80  nonsocial contacts  with the cia since his retirement in 1971, leaving the prosecution s case in turmoil.
i would like more bands like them pleasseee
thank you.
the thing about the script is they do not sound that irish, i was surprised to hear they were from dublin.
then charles a. briggs came to the rescue.
vladi pimenov ext. 37625
well if you are interested, i suggest you have a look at general fiasco, two door cinema club and wallis bird.
i think you will be pleased.
mcgilloway, vangie   vangie.mcgillowaypowersrc.com
i doubt you will get a sensible answer in the  travel  section.
third ranking cia officer, briggs signed a declaration on february 3rd, 1983, that on november 8th, 1982, he had authorized a search of cia records  for any material that in any way pertains to edwin p. wilson, or the various allegations concerning his activities after february 28th, 1971, when he retired from the cia.
ireland
the briggs declaration states that with one exception in 1972, wilson did not work  directly or indirectly  for the cia since retiring.
and there s nothing distinctly irish about them.
you d find similar bands to them that are from the uk and us.
women s rain coat ... where can i find one
i m going on a trip to europe soon, and i need to find a good, quality raincoat.
i ve looked and looked, but can not find one anywhere
i would prefer a simple, fitted black one.
httpwww.disinfo.comarchivepagesdossierid334pg1
it actually needs to be relatively waterproof  the last one i bought had me soaked in anything more than light  moderate rain.
i ll pay up to 200  250 for it if i have to.
look on the debenhams website
in the craghoppers section
03232001 1013 am
they do some good waterproof raincoats
last week, federal district judge lynn hughes in huston, texas, threw out wilson s two  decades old conviction.
here s the link
good morning debra
httpwww.debenhams.comwomencraghopperscatalogid10001lidproductsuniverseengbproductonline0ycategories3c0productsuniverse186610branddescription0.000000e000craghoppers0categories3c0productsuniverse18661186820psdefaultsfncategoriessfvcoats26amp0jacketsstoreid10001
judge hughes wrote   government knowingly used false evidence against him,  concluding  honesty comes hard to government.
i have a kodak camera  10.2 megapixels  ... kodak af 5x optical lens ... how do i pause it while recording
i have attached a revised copy of the gisb agreement and special provisions for your review and consideration.
i have a kodak camera  10.2 megapixels  ... kodak af 5x optical lens ... how do i pause it while recording
you do nt ... there s no such thing as  pause  in digital recording.
httpwww.bigeye.com111003.htm
that s because of the buffer that holds the data until it s ready to be recorded to the memory card.
i anticipate completing the review of the master agreement form and submitting comments to you by monday.
when you press the button to stop recording the data is moved from the buffer to the memory card  no pause.
httpwww.thekcrachannel.comnews4503872detail.html
all you can do is take each section  individual video  and edit them together on software.
i have a nacho libre question.
when nacho is driving to cure the influenza guy does he say to the man with the cow i like your blouse or i like your cow because my friend thinks he says i like your blouse, but that would nt make sense.
i know it s in the wrong catagory, but still, i wrote this question for a reason, not for you to critisize me.
okay, first, you have posted a question about an american movie, set in mexico, in the dining out in argentina category.
do you get what s wrong with this picture
looks like it is rearing its head again in louisianna ..
no ... that s all.
in addition, i received feedback from our gas desk that the access to the gas segment of enron on  line was cut off to cps  do you know who would handle this at enron that we can speak to
no second.
former pastor, deputy implicated in church child sex abuse
nacho libre is suppose to be inspired in mexicans, not in argentineans.
greatly appreciate your prompt feedback to this inquiry.
is there any good places to get an ice  cream sundae from in invercargill new zealand
so i live in invercargill new zealand and i want to know if there are any good places to buy an ice  cream sundae from other than mc donald s lol
fast food chains, supermarkets, dairies
you live in nz and you eat mcdonald s ice cream
ponchatoula, la.
you re mad
sheriff s deputies in louisiana made a third arrest wednesday in the ongoing investigation of a case involving allegations of sexual abuse of children and animals at a ponchatoula, la., church.
any of the tip  top places have great ice  cream, get them to mix it up.
any ice cream in nz no matter where as new zealand has the best bldy ice cream in the world i was in nz for a few weeks had some ice cream and really enjoyed it i will go back just to eat some ice cream
best burger chain in the chicago area
austin aaron bernard iii, 36, was arrested on a charge of aggravated rape of a child under the age of 13.
which is the best burger chain in the chicago metro area like for example burger king portillo s white castle which one do like the best
i look forward to your feedback on the gisb.
red robin.
police said bernard confessed to detectives that he had sex with a young girl in november 2002 and admitted to knowing about sexual acts involving children and a dog that occurred at hosanna church.
onion rings are great and the fries are endless.
regards,
fudrucker s.
tangipahoa parish sheriff s deputy christopher blair labat, 24, was booked tuesday on one count of aggravated rape and one count of crime against nature.
idk ur choice
vangie mcgilloway constellation power source, inc.   cps   111 market place ste 500 baltimore, md 21202 phone 4104683798 fax 4104683499 email vangie.mcgillowaypowersrc.com
chain
on monday, louis lamonica, 45, the former pastor of hosanna church, was booked with two counts of aggravated rape and one count of crime against nature after he walked in to the livingston parish sheriff s office and said he could implicate others in a situation at the church that reportedly occurred two years ago.
does5 make a chain
ps  were you having phone system problems this morning
myself and credit were calling in and none of the calls rolled into voice mail   .
we have a similar case unravelling up here in the northwest with a murder of a family and missing children taken for some purpose.
hackney s has a great burger formula that started about 80 years ago.
if i was rummy i d send posada to iraq to blow things up there.
there are currently5 locations
yeah,  things  ...
httpwww.hackneys.net
yesterday evening, the posada story was featured in the public television news show in germany  ard, tagesthemen .
the latest spot for a real hackney s is printers  row
the newly released papers, showing him complicit in the airliner bombing, were mentioned
httpwww.hackneysprintersrow.net
gandalf
see what dd  d showed at the original place on harms rd in glenview
now that s a post i can relate to.
httpwww.youtube.comwatchvq2ldf0xu3ni
you really got me thinking, i enjoy reading this blog.
along with the great burger try a brick of onion rings if you are with someone.
i do nt know how others feel, but i m definitely looking into immigration to canada as an option.
otherwise a 12 brick will be fine
httpwww.flickr.comphotosjellybeanjill13532522805
further to our conversation, please see attached sample agreements.
upon your review, please give me a call to discuss any questionsand or issues you may have regarding this matter.
my dog has threw up yellow bile for two days but does not have dhirea.
the good a3l us of a ai nt what it used to be.
what should i do
see attached file  constellation power  gisb draft  .doc   see attached file  sam3102.doc
i ve tried bland white rice but he wo nt eat anything.
what could it be
regards,
should i be concerned
debra perlingiere
call a vet would be a good idea with a sick dog
enroncps  gisb rev1  .doc
very concerned
i like yuor blog.
plz bring your dog to the vet asap
i have sent your question re on line trading to that area.
esp if not eating  if it had only happened once and could get him to eat right away  it could have been you missed his meal time and he needed to eat  since it sounds like it has happened several times over two days  then he may have gotten int to something that needs to be attended to right away
please check out my who let the dog out blog.
or has acquired some type of disease and that too needs to be attended to ...
they will contact you.
why are there two statues of david
hey that s a great blog, i also have a site about los angeles online dating
i doing a research paper on donatello and i notice that there are two statues of david, a bronze one and marble one.
i am in the process of reviewing your special provisions.
michelangelo made the marble one but why did he do another if donatello had already made one
you can check it out  los angeles online dating
so i m a little confused, why is there two statues of david
this is a excellent blog.
different generations, the donatello is of a boy david as a young sheep herder, the michelangelo is the grown up man david as slayer and king
keep it going.
because he liked making statues of david  d
this may be of interest to you i have a free online dating service.
it pretty much covers dating stuff.
obviously, he should have been arrested and jailed  imagine making a statue or painting on the same subject as another artist  clearly insulting and disrespecting  wasted time that could have been used making a statue with clothes on.
i ll be sure to come back.
name of specific hibachi restaurant in chicago
best regards,
i have a friend out in chicago this week, and i am trying to remember the name of an awesome hibachi style restaurant i visited while out there a couple years ago.
hey i just love your blog.
i think it was in the lincoln square area but do nt quote me on that.
its  gimmick  was that you fill your bowl cafeteria  style from raw ingredients and leave it on the counter with a chopstick listing your table number on it.
i also have a dating advice blog  site.
four guys around a large square open hibachi cook your food, and when it s finished a server brings it to your table.
debra perlingiere
all  you can  eat style deal.
jackie taylor  she is located at court house concessionaire and under her name in the directory.
i mostly deals with dating advice
it was pretty epic as i remember and would love to send my friend there.
debra perlingiere
any help
that is flat top grill
what s the best time to start a trip around the world
well, i m about to graduate in less then a year, and i m planning to study medical school.
but since in my country it lasts for minimum6 years, and i want to go aground the world, what do you think, should i do it before or after medical school
if you can afford to go before, then by all means, go.
if you have to wait, due to financial reasons, then wait.
please come and check it out if you get the time
i would much rather put it off until i can afford to have the vacation of a lifetime as i m sure this trip is intended to be.
please clarify  all  do you intend 10mm for ena as well
i was searching for dog food info and found this post.
airfare alone will be incredibly expensive so make sure you have the money and of course free time to take your time and have a great time.
canon t2i stops working
thx
my canon t2i stops working at times as in the power bottom is switched to  on  but the camera does not respond to any function.
i agree totally
the camera only begins to work again when i take out the battery and put it back in.
paul
did anyone have this issue
how would you like to know how you can live in a beautiful new house that is custom  designed to your specifications ......... and at no cost to you
is it worthy to send in for warranty repair
thanks
sounds simple enough to me.
your camera is nt acting normally, you got warranty, let canon deal with it.
dp
i would agree.
debra perlingiere
i shoot a t1i and have nt had such an issue.
you can do it.
i also agree it s under warranty so get in touch with canon.
and it s not hard to do .... if you know how.
it sounds like a firmware issue and the camera requires a reboot just like what happens in a computer  needs a restart from time to time but it should nt be happening in a camera.
do nt let this pass you by without at least taking a look.
the only catch is that you have to have an income above  21,000 ...... and ...... you have to follow the easy instructions provided to you.
call canon
getafreehouse.com
cheapest airline ticket from raleigh to philippines
i m going on a vacation to the philippines in may 2012, and i m starting from raleigh, nc  rdu airport .
as the implications of the andaman islands situation sink in, indian intelligence has inevitably come under scrutiny.
which airlines should i look into and when should i buy my ticket
in recent months, its fallibility has become evident.
the sooner the better but i d probably wait until after the holidays.
use travelocity or expedia and see what you come up with.
my friend goes to the phils every6 months or so and she has found that korean air has had the cheapest fares lately.
revised article 4.6
raleigh to chicago, chicago to seoul and then seoul to manila.
debra perlingiere
compare compare compare  that s the key to getting the best deal.
the inability to foresee in advance the assassination attempt on the proindia political leader and former bangladeshi prime minister sheikh hasina wazed last august 21 at a political rally in dhaka, and the recent  coup  by nepalese king gyanendra dismissing his government and imposing a virtual absolute monarchy, are glaring examples of intelligence failure.
ask a travel agent
the only agreement i can find is a master sale spot w  city of springfield.
on my last6 trips here from the states i used  fly genesis  based in seattle, wa.
please let me know if you need anything else.
they gave the best service  rates i could find.
trouble on india s islands
dp
ramtanu maitra
debra perlingiere
in early february, india charged 34 arakan separatists from myanmar with hiding in the landfall islands, part of the andaman islands group  see end note .
what is the best place to get discounts for san francisco restaurants
i just moved into the city, and i m wondering if there s a place i can get good deals on restaurants here.
tammi,
i do nt want to have to deal with those deal  a  day websites like groupon.
i just want a simple way to get a good deal to whatever restaurant i want, whenever i want.
these alleged members of the arakan army, the military wing of the national unity party in myanmar, have been charged with illegal entry.
any suggestions would be really helpful, thanks
attached is an image of the gisb.
as you see it was ces acquired by ena in asset purchase.
i usually use zebraklub.
it is likely, but not certain, that they will be deported to myanmar.
they basically buy daily deals from groupon, living social, and all sorts of other places.
but the news of the arakan rebels is just the tip of the iceberg when it comes to growing concern in new delhi over the security of the andaman islands.
so you can pretty much get whatever deal you want anytime.
most of the deals let you eat for 500 ff, and some of the deals are even free.
please let me know how you would like to proceed.
if you want to eat cheaply without worrying about all those daily deal emails every day, zebraklub should be perfect for you.
reports are circulating in the intelligence community that the andaman islands are not only thick with myanmar rebels.
where can i go on a first date  adults
it has also become an arms depot of the liberation tigers of tamil eelam  ltte , who operate almost freely in the andaman sea.
looking for something on the casual side and we want it to be fun.
best regards,
may seem a little silly, but, taking a long ride on the metra system or the  l  system is a great way to see the city and sites without spending a fortune.
information pointing in this direction came to light after the december 26 tsunami, which took a heavy toll on the andamans.
or how about visiting the chicago botanical gardens and see the change of colors and enjoy the air, they also have many inside exhibits you might enjoy, food is pretty good to.
debra perlingiere
correspondents who flocked in to cover the tsunami found they also had another story  the miserable security situation surrounding the indian navy s far eastern naval command, now being established along with india s  blue water navy .
go2 starbucks do nt spend more than 20 bucks
debra perlingiere
bike ride in the park, followed by coffee.
deteriorating security
you are busy, you do nt have to sit face to face to try
to make convo, it s short, so if things go great, you can
security problems in the andaman sea are not new, but they have deteriorated during the past few years, in tandem with a deterioration in the security situation in bangladesh, nepal and bhutan, and particularly in the northeastern indian states of manipur, nagaland and tripura.
extend, and if you want to end it, you just say bye,
priscilla,
got ta go.
i do not find the term  alternate transporter imbalance  in our agreement ..
i decided to get a 150 gal aquarium, what can i fill it with
while the indian army has become rock  solid in the western front, and has developed the capability of withstanding any pakistani adventure in that sector, it has become highly vulnerable in its eastern sector, where its enemy is not a national army but a multitude of secessionist, terrorist and drug  running militants operating between southeast asia and northeastern india through bangladesh.
i was thinking cichlids
the term  aggregate transporter imbalance  is located in several sections.
possibly a freshwater tank with a ton of different species in there.
could this be what you r referencing
i ve never kept cichlids though.
the andaman sea is a major conduit for this traffic, and the 572 large and small islands that constitute the andaman and nicobar group are a natural transit base.
i know saltwater is a possibility, can you give me a possible stocking option for that too
regards,
i ll choose the one that sounds the best after looking into all the fish
here is the stocking for my 150 gallon tank i upgraded it to 200 at the weekend because of the clownloach a 200 gallon with6 pairs of breeding angel fish fire mouth honey gouramis58 inch clownloach a krib and51 inch clown loach with 16 cory cats5 australian rainbows
if you took out the clown loach it would make a nice 150 gallon tank.
fill it with water  lol
for a tank that size i would suggest oscars or piranha every time awesome fish
never response the phone call
great deals, great pizza
great gym and great services.
dr. white is the best
good clean store nice car wash
it s well cool.
awesome service with a smile
the drugs and arms travel in all directions.
what a great deal thank you
since the  sea tigers  of the ltte, better known as the tamil tigers, are the ones who rule the andaman sea  they carry the arms and drugs for their own use and also to deliver to rebels in aceh and all along the east coast of africa.
the pancakes are to die for.
it is old news that the tamil tigers have developed a strong network within south africa.
best fried shrimp in the state
debra perlingiere
fast and great service on pool covers
this is not unknown to new delhi.
friendliest place i have ever stayed
see attached revised article 4.6 masters below.
the best pilates on the gold coast
dp
it taste better than in and out ....
good local steakhouse, i recommend it
a recent report by a journalist from port blair, in the andamans, quoted an unnamed official saying that foreigners from myanmar, bangladesh and sri lanka have permanently settled in the islands, using fake indian ration cards, while citizens of thailand, china, indonesia and malaysia have migrated temporarily to plunder the natural resources and leave.
debra perlingiere
dessert was good.
port blair, havelock islands, diglipur, middle nicobar, campbell s bay, neil islands and rangott are mostly overrun by foreigners,  he said.
rest was too oily.
gerald nemec
it was a little to high dollar for me
these look fine to me.
very informative website with a lot of good work
an official estimate issued in 2003 suggests there are 50,000  foreigners  in the andaman islands, but unofficial figures are much higher than this.
wow wow wow.
the bast cab in minneapolis
a large number of them are bangladeshis, who like millions of their countrymen have left their densely populated homeland to settle elsewhere.
great food and nice people very pleasant experience.
as most of them have few technical skills, and the andamans have little demand for them in any case, they turn to smuggling and other unlawful activities.
tire gooroo
go ahead and forward to brant if you are ready.
david bundren is the tire gooroo.
the presence of the sea tigers in the area with guns, cash and drugs makes the situation extremely dangerous.
good
debra perlingiere
it is a cute little nice and quiet library
reports from port blair make it evident that new delhi gets little on  the  ground intelligence, and the indian coast guard is grossly unequipped to deal with the surge of illegal migrants to the islands.
they recovered the pics geeksquad deleted.
one unnamed naval officer was quoted saying,  arms smuggling is a very profitable business in this region.
many thanks
local crew
03272001 0158 pm
home team  thanks4 playin
considering the islands  huge strategic importance, it is amazing how lax new delhi has been.
these islands sit aside the vital sea lanes of the strait of malacca, through which 300 tankers and merchant ships pass daily, bringing in oil for the far east and southeast asia.
great service, thanks don.
revised article 4.6
nice top lights.
intelligence lapses
best ceviche that i d had so far
debra perlingiere
a very nice park.
as the implications of the andaman islands situation sink in, indian intelligence has inevitably come under scrutiny.
the architecture is simplz splendid.
kathleen,
the service is quick.
and the people are sweet
yeah they ruined some shirts i had too.
in recent months, its fallibility has become evident.
horrible
very reasonable prices.
you are correct, i will make the appropriate changes and give you another review before sending execution papers.
quick in  out.
best regards,
friendly service.
debra perlingiere
this is my favorite coffee store.
the inability to foresee in advance the assassination attempt on the proindia political leader and former bangladeshi prime minister sheikh hasina wazed last august 21 at a political rally in dhaka, and the recent  coup  by nepalese king gyanendra dismissing his government and imposing a virtual absolute monarchy, are glaring examples of intelligence failure.
just ask american express
4105sf
too many kids, too many knifings, too many taserings.
with growing economic and military power, india will be dependent on smaller nations in the region increasingly to maintain regional security.
debra perlingiere
thank you for fixing the leak on my bathroom
jill
thanks
unless new delhi does better in providing security to its own nationals against rebels, secessionists, drug runners and arms traffickers, it will not generate much confidence in the capitals of surrounding nations.
this is the worst sam s club i ve ever been to
in fact, it would tend to encourage more organized antiindia outfits, such as the pakistani inter services intelligence  isi  and outside  linked maoists, to exploit these networks and weaken india s eastern flank.
got to love this place.
as discussed, attached is a gisb draft for pioneer.
everyone is relaxed and having fun
as you can see there are several blanks concerning administrative information for ena upstream.
friendly service.
indian intelligence s lackluster performance in dealing with the ltte is startling.
attentive to the needs of customer.
thanks again
i was able to secure a duns  and fed tax id however, i am lacking fax and bank account numbers.
this place is awesome
this formidable enemy, which gave the indian army a black eye in the mid1980s, has been operating in northeastern india and in the andaman sea for a long time.
great work, good price.
do you have this information
definetely going back
in 2001, according to indian army officials, security forces launched a wide  ranging operation in the 300  some inhabited islands neighboring andaman and nicobar, and found huge caches of arms.
great product, great service
dp
installed biometrics and got excellent service.
the arms were said to belong to the ltte and  other terrorist groups .
feels like you are in brooklyn, but people watching is entertaining.
debra perlingiere
debra perlingiere
green curry and red curry is awesome
the search  and  destroy operation was carried out by the indian government after repeated requests from colombo.
remember to ask for extra vege
jeffrey t hodge
usually very quick and timely.
in addition, ltte activity in the andaman sea is well known to local observers.
doctor bogomilsky knows her stuff too.
03292001 0901 am
the best supermarket in bay ridge have everything what a customer needs.
the biggest ltte maritime disaster was reported in the now  defunct asiaweek in 2001.
wonderful wonderful people
rudwell johnson  enronenronxgate
i refer to vnhh often and love you guys.
03282001 0509 pm
did a great job of removing my tree in conyers.
a shipment of weapons, ammunition and explosives, believed to have been purchased from cambodia and worth several million dollars, left the port of phuket in thailand in early february 2001 aboard the freighter comex  joux3.
thanks southland.
jeff
nice little locally owned greek bar and grill.
as is ltte standard procedure, the vessel changed its name at sea to horizon.
good food.
please find attached a credit worksheet for a master firm contract for the above mentioned counterparty.
great wings
on its journey across the bay of bengal the freighter was tracked by the indian navy and orissa  based spy planes of india s aviation research center  it was intercepted by indian naval vessels off sri lanka s east coast.
please complete agreement and forward to counterparty.
ltte arms  running
do nt bother.
thanks
it s impossible to understand how this place has survived.
in 1997, the thai navy reported the interception of a 16  meter boat after a chase off the thai port of ranong, and the confiscation of two tons of weapons and ammunition.
the finest german bedding and linens store.
rudwell 53596.
quality and service come first here.
place is legit.
among the weapons intercepted were two rocket  propelled  grenade launchers, 20 assault rifles, m  79 grenade launchers and more than 10,000 rounds of ammunition.
we got upgraded to a corner suite
four persons were arrested, reportedly belonging to the manipur revolutionary people s front.
room was amazing.
cindy,
hard to forgive such an awful margarita and steep prices but the food can be good
six crew members were from the arakan region of myanmar.
linda
please forward a copy of the j.m. huber corporation guaranty to my attention.
i would highly recommend landscape by hiro.
the boat was heading toward cox s bazar in bangladesh.
excellent customer service and quality work.
the guaranty is dated august1, 2000.
until 1995 the ltte maintained a base at twante, an island off the coat of myanmar, west of the andaman islands.
i love this place lots of people to talk to and school is across the street
thanks
drove all the way over from the highway ... closed at7.
subsequently, phuket became the ltte s main backup base.
who does that
debra perlingiere
you are the only one auto glass repair shop in the area i would count on.
a sri lanka  born tamil with a norwegian passport was arrested by thai authorities in 2000 for his links with the ltte.
great job on my roof and the pricing was fair.
they are taking delivery in the u.s.
will use again in the future.
debra perlingiere
kyle with bullwark
at the time of his arrest, the suspect was allegedly involved in constructing a  submarine  in a shipyard on the island of sirae near phuket on the andaman sea coast.
great job
visit,
listened to my problem and took care of it.
thanks
steady buildup
awesome food
thanks for your message.
the real threat to the andaman islands is the steady building  up of ports and conduits that serve the tamil tigers and a host of less  strong militant groups.
make sure to put oily sauces on your food to make it moist
can you send me the data you used  i shall take a look at it.
yum
over the past decade, bangladesh has steadily moved into a state of lawlessness.
this is a ralph s
i just called this number and it is a ralph s market.
hospitality.
very good hospitality offered.
keep it up.
shree ghatkopar bhatia mitra mandal
close to my house, this is the only reason i would go to this particular qt.
men s and boys barbers, on the number9 bus route.
vince
ladies room, open sundays
a number of extremist groups, under the cover of the islamist movement, have become active in drug trafficking, gun running and antiindian activities.
dear all,
this is a great place to get a permit
my mane is visit phunnarungsi.
i had to get a permit here, it was cool
best
it is widely acknowledged that the pakistani isi has nurtured a number of extremist islamist groups, such as the harkat  ul  jehad  al  islami, in the port city of chittagong, and put a number of secessionist rebels from india s northeast in touch with this terrorist network.
best pedi mani i ve ever had.
darla is amazing, i would recoment her to anyone.
you guys do everything wonderful
as a result, north of the andaman islands, bangladeshi coastal areas have become a nest of terrorists involved in the shipment of drugs and arms.
we honestly can not think of even1 thing we did nt like
kudos to allentown post office staff
i used to email vince kaminski about the advice on his article  the challenge of pricing and risk managing electricity derivatives  and he had mailed me the copy.
the staff in allentown are friendly, helpful and a delight to know ..
i am now modelling the queensland electricity spot price using geometric brownian mean reverting jump diffusion model and have followed your paper  making the most of mean reversion  to estimate the mean reversion speed.
amazing, fun, great beers.
a pattern of arrests and seizures indicate that arms are brought by the ltte from laos, cambodia and thailand into chittagong, from where they are transported northward by land to bhutan.
i use queensland half  hourly price during 13 december, 1998  30 june 2001 giving about 44,000 price observations.
service could be a little better but it s an all round good place
the route from kalikhola in bhutan to cox s bazar passes through northern bengal, assam and meghalaya, and on into chittagong.
amazing service
however, the result from ordinary least squares was not as expected due to different sign for both slope  intercept.
i just had the best experience at this kal tire location.
note
courteous, fast and friendly.
india s andaman and nicobar islands comprise more than 500 islands lying 1,000 kilometers east of sri lanka in the bay of bengal.
quality has fallen over the years, but still the best go  to burger place on the east bay.
the coefficient and standard error are as followed
stay away
intercept   0.3931  0.0076
horrible service.
absolutely rude.
slope  0.1171  0.0022
did services i asked them not to do and was still charged.
stretching 750 kilometers from end to end, they reach from near the coast of myanmar almost to sumatra in indonesia.
highly recommended
the ten degree channel divides the andamans, which are the larger and more heavily populated northern islands, from the 20 or so nicobar islands in the south.
on south andaman, the most heavily populated island, is port blair, which is the capital and the only large town in the entire archipelago.
my8 year old daughter loves this place.
r square  0.0585
the best climbing club around.
therefore i could not estimate the mean reversion rate as the estimated slope has the positive sign.
hooray for craggy.
travel to the nicobar islands is forbidden to nonindians, and they are also not allowed in some parts of south andaman island.
the food is excellent, but very overpriced.
i have also tried monthly data and the results are the same.
how do you run a cafe, with no refills on coffee
ramtanu maitra writes for a number of international journals and is a regular contributor to the washington  based eir and the new delhi  based indian defense review.
telephone number
it would be appreciated if you could advice me on this matter.
the telephone number is incorrect  our new mobile number is 07551310002 or landline 01634 710033.
he also writes for aakrosh, india s defense  tied quarterly journal.
thank you
kindest regards,
the team at barton car wash was very friendly.
karzai also has to deal with the stepped up rivalry between india and pakistan in afghanistan.
and did great job.
visit
i was very pleased with the service.
islamabad accuses new delhi of using its consulates in kandahar and jalalabad to train balochi insurgents who are active in pakistani balochistan.
pakistani officials claim there are as many as 42 raw agents based in kandahar and another 12 in jalalabad.
i appreciate the quick, good service and the reasonable prices and will definitely use american pride irrigation  landscaping again.
there have no business being there unless they are undermining pakistan,  says a pakistani official.
i like i move ca  los angeles movers, they moved me before, but this time they were awesome
poor taste
there is no lower rating for noonan s liquor, owners and employees.
get your free download of msn explorer at httpexplorer.msn.com  file   httpgo.msn.combqlhmtagitlen.asp
a negative number is not available.
both india and afghanistan deny the claim.
clh
chris,
very friendly people offering a brilliant service.
plz contact shirley crenshaw  x 35290  regarding a copy of an article.
sent scented flowers home instead of postcards.
should pakistan show us any evidence of an indian hand using afghan soil to work against our neighbours we will take it very seriously,  says amrullah saleh the head of afghanistan s national security directorate.
karzai, musharraf new regional equations
recommend you call in for a look.
vince
worst experience ever like a sardine can and the bartender downstairs is the rudest person i have ever met.
do nt go here
restaurant on top was renovated, food was decent, price was way to high for duluth for quality, new decor seems tacky
rude and untrustworthy
these guys took customer service 101 from a neanderthal.
they are especially rude to women.
do not trust them
kabul
traci,
good food, good location, and good prices.
but the servers do nt pay attention to you whether it s busy or not.
for the past 25 years landlocked afghanistan has suffered from constant interference from its neighbours  pakistan, iran and the central asian republics  and regional powers  russia and india.
one of the better vegetarian sandwiches i ve had in seattle.
thanks.
and from a place that specializes in high quality meat, too.
this is the best solution given all the uncertainties we face.
old time grocery, best steaks i have ever had
vince
great meats that are already cooked, easy to take home for dinner.
vince
inford media
the neighbours are still interfering, but there are signs that rather than undermining afghanistan s stability they may now be trying to strengthen it.
thanks for the message regarding a possible intern for your group.
the elections should be a reassurance to all our neighbours that a stable afghanistan, a peaceful afghanistan is good for all.
media, software, fun and games, website design, web promotion, b2b, business promotion, search engine optimization.
nobody should feel a looser in afghanistan,  president hamid karzai told pakistan s english daily the nation.
relish
right now, we are in the process of evaluating both our new hire needs and our summer needs and will be making those decisions after the first of the year.
a top quality sandwich made to artistic standards.
all the regional countries have publicly backed the karzai government and supported the electoral process, but serious undercurrents remain as they all have their favourite contenders in afghanistan.
the best darlington has to offer in contemporary sandwicheering.
until we have come up with those numbers it would be premature to make any offers for the summer.
drum and bass as standard.
what i would like to do in this case is get the information to jeff davis, who is responsible for georgia tech and ask him to get sungjoo s resume and start a file on him with a notation that you would like to hire him for summer.
will never use again.
since september 11, pakistan has been repeatedly accused by afghan and western leaders of harbouring taliban extremists who had pledged to disrupt the elections, but at the highest level the us has avoided criticising president pervaiz musharraf on the grounds that he is helping the us catch al qaeda elements inside pakistan.
very rude and unprofessional.
that changed on september 22 when president george w. bush, musharraf and karzai held a three way meeting in new york on the sidelines of the un general assembly.
the workers sped up and down the street with no mind to the small children playing.
when we start the summer process, we will interview the candidate and slot him for your group.
ipad reiew
is this okay with you
they are the best orthodontics in the world.
the meeting was pushed together by the cia and the us defence department who were desperately anxious to secure a peaceful election in afghanistan and the noninterference of alleged pakistani backed taliban.
i went there since i was four.
hope all is well with you
now i will have really straight teeth.
western and afghan diplomats intimately involved with the meeting, said bush pushed musharraf hard on reigning in the taliban so the elections could take place peacefully.
where are mullah omar, mullah usmani and gulbuddin hikmetar
pam the pom
take care
fantastic couple of days.
breathtaking views and fabulous accommodation.
nothing too much trouble for ian, thanks for a great stay.
daniel and his assistant both did a great job.
very professional and great results.
many thanks from myself and all of our wedding guests
what a mind blowing servicing
they treat there employees with respect and concern and expect that they will extend the same politeness to there customers.
bush is reported to have asked a flustered musharraf.
absolutely fantastic experience getting my iphone upgraded at zion ...
traci
sheer contrast to getting it done at karol bagh which is done under the wooden plank
traci,
decent place to stay, i would stay there again.
all three are extremist taliban or their allies and known to be living in pakistan.
rooms were clean, plenty of things to do near hotel, and safe part of town.
i have visited georgia tech on thursday.
best electrician in florence
mullah omar is leader of the taliban, usmani is the former corps commander of kandahar under the taliban regime and now a commander of taliban forces while hikmetyar heads the extremist hizb  e  islami.
i have been using steele electric for years.
they have always done a great job at a reasonable price.
highly recommended.
one of the students indicated that he is interested in a summer internship.
not impressed.
it was the first time that bush totally focused on the taliban threat rather than al qaeda with the pakistanis,  says a western diplomat.
bush was very well briefed before the meeting,  the diplomat said.
overpriced and the doctor acted arrogant and rushed at a time when there was very few clients in the facility.
he came across as a very bright person, very personable.
i wo nt return.
an afghan official at the meeting added,  the americans now realise that the taliban are a bigger threat to our security than al qaeda.
a thoroughly comprehensive service  excellent communication and best of they are transparent with their fee  ie nothing is simply implied or assumed .
i can take him as a summer intern.
i gave dr. rohatgi2 stars because her assistant was very pleasant.
karzai was clearly pleased at the results.
however, i did not find her very helpful and her receptionist was rude.
vince
extremely greasy.
president musharraf promised to help us and cooperate with us on curbing terrorist activity by the taliban,  says karzai.
hit or miss on the service.
dear dr. vincent kaminski,
hi.
my fries were nt fully cooked last time i went there.
the next day an angry musharraf categorically said that pakistan would not send pakistani troops to iraq, a clear snub to the americans.
pretty spendy for really not great quality
how are you doing
the management and staff are superb.
until then he had said pakistan s options were open.
i worked with sam mones who took great care of me.
however pakistani officials insist that the decision was unconnected to the tripartite meeting.
this is by far the best run dealership in miami.
i hope you have a good flight back to home.
the company gets busy but you never have to wait long because they are orginizied, so you are in, out, and paid well for your scrap
winning attorney
us and nato military officers in kabul say it is too early to say whether bush s tough message was instrumental in persuading musharraf and the isi to pressure the taliban to restrain from disrupting the elections.
it was a good opportunity to know about enron and its finance sector.
the only 10.0  perfect score  avvo rated attorney i have ever met.
thank you for your time.
i highly recommend, the law offices of dale gribow
however there were visible signs of a crackdown on the pakistan side.
sanctuary is amazing
i have already submitted my resume and cover letter right after the talk.
sanctuary serves delicious, somewhat healthy food in a great restaurant  fast food style.
pakistan now has a large force deployed in baluchistan which was not there before,  says lt. general david barno.
the employees are really friendly.
however, you ask me to send a copy of resume and cover letter again.
and they deliver
there is much better tactical cooperation between our forces on both sides of the border, but the movement of taliban still goes on both ways,  he adds.
what a preschool
those attachments are what i was asked.
if you want the best for your child, do nt hesitate in visiting this wornderful school.
this is the very best in the gables.
also several days before the elections pakistan closed the border crossing point at chaman in baluchistan which is a key entry point for the taliban into afghanistan.
again, it was a good chance for me to get to know what i can do in this field and what i have to more focus on in school.
what a dump
however us military officers say regular army officers  many of them pashtun  leading units of the frontier corps who are on the border remain deeply sympathetic to the taliban and the mullahs of the jui.
the food is terrible.
i am looking forward to hearing from you soon and have a nice day.
the place smells and the owner is very very rude
at the same time the us remains oblivious of the serious problems and political fallout which the army is facing in its operations in waziristan.
i could go on and on
thank you.
just do nt go there.
house closing
mrs. tolchin provided us with excellent service and came with a great deal of knowledge and professionalism
her flexibility and accessibility made for an easy closing.
food is often expired so check the dates every time
also more often than not you end up with a healthy dose of nasty rude attitude from the employees
not only is the army facing serious political fallout, growing antiamericanism and antiarmy feeling in the tribal areas but it is also taking heavy casualties  between 400  500 pakistani soldiers have been killed in the region since march.
no complaints
musharraf has always maintained that the us has never provided actionable intelligence about taliban leaders hiding in baluchistan.
i have no complaints about the service i received.

this man was polite, professional, clean and quick.
that too may change.
i never felt worried and walked away satisfied.
sungjoo lee stochastic processes and simulation in finance georgia institute of technology school of industrial and systems engineering email address  goldconnisye.gatech.edu gte114tprism.gatech.edu home  4044491026 office  coming soon
the teaching there sucks
us and afghan intelligence will shortly be presenting the isi with a list of taliban extremists and their suspected whereabouts.
all of the teachers there are so mean they get mad at you for nothing

this is the worst school i ve been to
lisacoverletter.doc  file  lisacoverletter.doc
staten island computers
moreover there are now major covert attempts under way to try and bring back to kabul leading taliban commanders, who have been living quietly in pakistan and have taken no part in the taliban insurgency.
with the taliban failure to disrupt the afghan elections, the militants are even more isolated from the mainstream taliban who want to return home.
superior work  always comes through when we need him.
lisaresume.doc  file  lisaresume.doc
we have tried many different computer people until now  we will stick with qualitech computers
until now pakistan has not facilitated such a return and clearly it can not happen until there is both a pull from kabul and a push from islamabad.
not impressive enough
fyi
it s a fine place, i m just a little mystified about the michelin star.
with president karzai certain to win the elections and the demotion of key former northern alliance figures such as general fahim and warlord ismail khan, there is now little reason for moderate taliban leaders to fear reprisals from former northern alliance figures if they return home.
nothing wrong with it, just better options at this price point.
exelent job
vince
thank you so much for the superior job well done.
their removal should also provide increased motivation for pakistan to help the return of moderate taliban.
we love everything about the fence.
p.s. tom, please, contact vernon and get the details.
afghan officials welcomed the appointment on october3 of lt. general ashfaq kiyani as the new isi chief.
you company and services will be recommended by us to everyone.
renee,
an hour of prego bliss
i would like to have a meeting to go over the payment methodology.
i schedule my weekly appointment here just to get a chance to lie comfortably on my tummy.
kayani is well known and liked in kabul as during the last year he led the pakistani delegation in the tripartite military meetings with the afghan and us military on issues related to border issues.
and the massages are heavenly
scott neal and tom martin would like to attend as well.
very friendly place.
love hop city
karzai also has to deal with the stepped up rivalry between india and pakistan in afghanistan.
this place is great
this afternoon at2 pm or later would work for us.
craig and nate are wonderful.
islamabad accuses new delhi of using its consulates in kandahar and jalalabad to train balochi insurgents who are active in pakistani balochistan.
i know now where to get all of my wine and beer.
please let me know what time we could meet.
no need to go to a grocer again.
thank you,
excellent energy efficiency
phillip
phillip,
pakistani officials claim there are as many as 42 raw agents based in kandahar and another 12 in jalalabad.
compact s corona dryers remove at least twice as much water as the previous dryers, allowing a production increase of over 10  and a significant energy saving.
we would like to thank our emergency plumbers who visted our shop in morningside road today.
a fast service, saved a bad situation getting a lot worse.
many thanks 2scompany ...
this section pertains to terminated employees who are paid out in the year following the termination event.
the best thai food i ve ever had in australia, very fresh and so much favor of authentic thai.
there have no business being there unless they are undermining pakistan,  says a pakistani official.
both india and afghanistan deny the claim.
the restaurant is the most beautiful thai restaurant in geelong ... just love it
should pakistan show us any evidence of an indian hand using afghan soil to work against our neighbours we will take it very seriously,  says amrullah saleh the head of afghanistan s national security directorate.
fresh and unic
very professional, talented, unic and fresh work.
the way the tax law works, the tax basis for your share distribution will be based on the closing stock price the day preceding notification to the transfer agent.
paula has an amazing gift for creativity, vision and the ability to combine art to  with commercial purpose.
karzai categorically said that he has assured musharraf repeatedly that any adverse action against pakistan taken by indian diplomats inside afghanistan would be acted upon swiftly.
bravo
ok food, slow service
senior us diplomats and military officials have warned india also.
the food was incredibly bland.
as such, we will distribute net shares calculating the proper withholding at fair market value the day prior to notifying the transfer agent.
their thali was not brought out as described  no saag .
in a major regional shift reflecting the newly strengthened position of karzai, iran, russia and india which have traditionally backed the tajik dominated former northern alliance made strenuous efforts to convince presidential candidate younis qanooni to strike a deal with karzai before the elections and not to oppose karzai.
expensive for the level of food and the quality of service.
fantastic professional service
we will be distributing the shares reflected on your 93001 statement  6,606 shares plus cash for fractional shares .
these guys really know their stuff .. they have almost anything you could want in terms of spy and surviellance equipment.
iran in particular feared that qanooni would loose and then be politically isolated from the mainstream.
truly james bond style stuff ... would recommend
so delightful.
what a group
if you would prefer to settle the taxes with a personal check, we can distribute gross shares.
i would nt want any other company in my time of need.
qanooni refused to accept the iranian advice as his fellow panjsheri tajiks urged him to stand against karzai.
great people
please let me know you preference.
so professional
however since the elections iranian influence has proved critical in convincing the hazara shia candidate mohammed mohaqeq to accept the results of the elections and later convincing qanooni to do the same.
these guys know what they re doing
way to go
as you know, we are in the process of transferring recordkeeping services from ntrc to hewitt.
terrible customer service
with the us military presence posing a threat on their borders in both iraq and afghanistan, iran s moderate leadership is keen to help stabilise karzai so that the us presence in afghanistan is reduced.
fried rice has no flavor, it literally taste like water.
when i tried to return it they refused, so i had to leave without a refund and still hungry.
wow, the representative went way above and beyond in helping me with my account set up.
i wish the other utilities i had to set up had people to work with like this ..
bad service
however powerful hardliners in tehran may be trying to undermine that strategy and a new issue is likely to deepen the rift with the moderates.
definately wo nt be returning.
iranian officials are deeply concerned about the us occupation of shindand, a massive soviet  era airbase just 30 kilometres from iran s border.
travelled 40 mins after calling to see if a product was in stock.
told that they had plenty.
as such, we have a cpa, larry lewis, working with us to audit and set up transition files.
get there and there was nothing.
not impressed
the enhanced us presence in western afghanistan was only made possible after the ousting of ismail khan, the warlord and governor of herat province last month, who was a close ally of iranian hardliners.
he has become our department expert on the psa account  much more knowledgeable than myself  and the various plan provision amendments.
would not recommend i was in a fair amount of pain for several weeks.
iranian officials say they made no objections to khan s ouster because they want to strengthen karzai s campaign against warlords.
his clinic is very very dirty he is a real disaster to go totally not organized for every step he take.
best limo limousine service in all of dallas
great limos company int he dfw fort worth metro area.
i use their limo services for all of my airport car services and airport transportation needs
very knowledgeable and friendly design build firm.
they specialize in financial institutions, medical, and retail projects.
if you would like, we can set up a conference call with you, myself, and larry to go over the payment methodology.
these guys know what they re doing and helped me in all phases of our project.
at a time of heightened tensions between tehran and washington over iran s nuclear weapons program and calls by neoconservatives in washington that a second bush term should deal with iran aggressively, the iranians fear that shindand could be used as a listening post, spying facility and even a launching pad for any future us actions against iran.
the waiting staff is really friendly, it s like every one knows each other, the manager is really sweet and the food .. well no complaints from me.
please let me know a date and time that is convenient for you.
yes, it s that good.
afghan officials say the americans have moved over 100 special forces and helicopters to shindand.
thanks,
they have fresh flowers, lasted a long while in the vase, and the two ladies at the shop know the business well.
however general barno insists the us presence poses no threat to iran.
i had no problem with my delivery.
renee
i will go there again.
we have a very small number of forces in shindand with a few helicopters,  says barno.
out of business
renee,
i think this location is no longer in business.
if you check recwarehouse.com, they do nt list this as a location.
nevertheless this places karzai in a difficult and sensitive situation because he has to maintain excellent relations with both the us and iran.
you ll have to drive 10 miles down 75 to allen.
thank you for digging in to the issue of deferred phantom stock units.
awesome landscaping job
it is clear that the payment will be made in shares.
mfj inc transformed our run down back yard into a place of beauty.
afghanistan has had the benefit of cooperation from both the us and iran.
the work was completed within one week, and everything was cleaned up on completion.
however, i still do nt understand which date will be used to determine the value and calculate how many shares.
highly recommended landscaper
so far what they have done together has been good for us and that s how we would like to keep it , says karzai.
spot on
this kebab shop is one of the best around the meat is good and fresh and the chilly sauce is the best, keep them lovely kebabs coming and a happy new year to all the staff
the plan document under vii.
feel good
nobody can claim that the interference of afghanistan s neighbours is over, but the elections will do much to strengthen karzai and deal more firmly with neighbours  interference.
i just wanted to try your clinic because i was not totally happy with my current therapist i regularly see.
amount of benefit payments reads  the value of the shares, and resulting payment amount will be based on the closing price of enron corp. common stock on the january1 before the date of payment, and such payment shall be made in shares of enron corp. common stock.
can you help me interpret this statement and work through the numbers on my account.
now i ve found someone who can manage to do what i really want.
worst tasting pizza
this place had the worst tasting pizza i have ever tasted it was possible the worst food i ve ever eaten.
in the post election scenario it is becoming abundantly clear that the taliban do not have the support of the afghan people nor the afghan pashtuns.
i do nt recommend this place to anyone or even anything to eat.
thank you,
not so good
not worth the money.
bland and over cooked.
i felt as if i was in an over priced olive garden.
in a highly significant move afghan pashtun tribes along the pakistan border warned the taliban in quetta and chaman that if they try and disrupt the elections, they would be resisted.
many taliban living in afghanistan voted for president karzai.
i was hoping to have found a regular place to eat.
phillip allen
but not so.
i have used bright futures for the last7 years.
it is now abundantly clear that with the rapidly changing face of afghanistan, the demise of key northern alliance figures and the fluid political situation in afghanistan, pakistan should reconsider its policy of giving unlimited sanctuary to taliban extremists living on pakistani soil.
i have3 children there and they are the best.
they are like family.
your children will be taken care of and loved by a professional staff.
let me know when you get the quotes from pauline.
great service great people
bisconti wanted over  300 to fix my laptop and these guys fixed it for  90
call them today
pakistan link 16102004
had it fixed within a few days  had to order a part .
great manicure
i am expecting to pay something in the  3, to  5,000 range.
this place offers a great manicure and pedicure.
my nails looked great for the better part of2 weeks
the debate that a handful of texas multimillionnaires close to the bush family have cleverly manufactured over john kerry s war record is absurd in every way.
also very friendly and the stylists are not in the  been there  done that  mood
fast service called them one hour ago and they just left my house five minutes ago.
the charges that they have put some vets up to making against kerry are false and can be demonstrated by the historical record to be false.
i would like to see the quotes and a description of the work to be done.
my house already feels fresh and good thanks to the battery park pest i m enjoying my time indoors much better.
it is my understanding that some rock will be removed and replaced with siding.
no feathers in stock
if they are getting quotes to put up new rock then we will need to clarify.
i was very upset when i went to mother plucker, they had no feathers and the quality is terrible.
i had to dig in a bag to find one nice feather, what a joke
gets the job done
most of those making the charges have even flip  flopped, contradicting themselves.
we have utilized mr. pozza and his firm twice now in our family and both times have been very pleased.
jacques is ready to drop in a dollar amount on the release.
if the negotiations stall, it seems like i need to go ahead and cut off the utilities.
i would not hesitate to use him again or refer him to my family or friends.
or they were nt eyewitnesses and are just lying.
farrell electric is a very good electrical contractor.
i m pleased that someone referred me to them for my commercial business.
i own a property management firm and need a contractor with the credentials that farrell electric has.
cleanest guesthouse i have been to
hopefully things will go smoothly.
stayed here for2 nights.
but to address the substance of this big lie is to risk falling into its logic.
the owner was very friendly and helpful.
phillip
the rooms were very clean and the breakfast was excellent.
the true absurdity of the entire situation is easily appreciated when we consider that george w. bush never showed any bravery at all at any point in his life.
good location and off road parking made our stay very convenient.
these guys do great work at very reasonable prices.
i have use them four times for fixing items from pushing out a dent in a bumper to fixing the fender on my beloved miata.
he has never lived in a war zone.
i have never been disappointed.
if some of john kerry s wounds were superficial, bush received no wounds.
do nt waste your money on the jukebox
and, a piece of shrapnel in the forearm that caused only a minor wound would have killed had it hit an eye and gone into the brain  the shrapnel being in your body demonstrates you were in mortal danger and did nt absent yourself from it.
the bartender is a douchebag and he has a little console behind the bar where he can delete songs he does nt like, and you end up paying for it.
attendees  pam butler
not enough seating.
that is the logic of the medal .
spoken english rushi
can ever  never forget the training undergone here which made my life step onto the successful job without any hurdles.
the staff, material provided, infra structure, environment  low fees totally above the satisfactory mark
rubbish
took1  hour to deliver to chatham, hair in food, driver did nt know area.
noticed a few of these cookie cutter places opening in summit and new providence.
stick to hop hing, 20 year  resident.
great place
really great service and kind staff.
renee ratcliff
the haircut was inexpensive and so were the salon services  eyebrows were cheap  .
larry lewis
it s a nice, relaxed place to get stuff done and relax.
kerry saved a man s life while under fire.
i plan on going again.
bush did no such thing.
amazing customer service
what was bush doing with his youth
i think the women at this salon know that their business is based primarily from referrals.
he was drinking.
they were amazingly hospitable.
tom martin
edit was the best massage therapist i ve ever had and i would highly recommend her
he was drinking like a fish, every night, into the wee hours.
good outside, bad inside
for decades.
the apartment only looks good outsize, inside is too bad.
he gave no service to anyone, risked nothing, and did not even slack off efficiently.
too many bugs some you even never seen before.
scott neal
the attitude of some staff is terrible, did not solve anything only say i can do nothing.
great tmobile service
i was with verizon and i checked my service with tmobile and it was great so i thought i would try tmobile.
the history of alcoholism and possibly other drug use is a key issue because it not only speaks to bush s character as an addictive personality, but may tell us something about his erratic and alarming actions as president.
it turned out being very good quality tmobile service and i was happy with the new tmobile phone.
phillip allen
walgreens on university
greg,
my pharmacy order is always correct and promptly delivered but the pharmacy staff are always very short with me and do nt seem to like answering questions.
his explosive temper probably provoked the disastrous siege of fallujah last spring, killing 600 iraqis, most of them women and children, in revenge for the deaths of4 civilian mercenaries, one of them a south african.
clean store, friendly check  out staff up front.
i faxed you the promotional on 10300 heritage office building with the nimitz post office.
good selection.
newsweek reported that bush commanded his cabinet,  let heads roll
great place
love this place
the broker called back shortly after i spoke to you to let me know that the kestrel air park building and the strip center at fm78  walzem had both sold.
that temper is only one problem.
has another store in the st. charles mall.
place is next to carval and walmart.
do nt go to the one by pepco, i got confused
bad place.
go to atlantic wireless
let me know what you think of this property.
i love them
bush has a sadistic streak.
best dentist ever
also, let me know of any other ideas about replacement property.
very fast and efficient service.
he clearly enjoyed, as governor, watching executions.
i have had several dentists in my life, but dr. deters is by far my favorite.
phillip
his delight in killing people became a campaign issue in 2000 when he seemed, in one debate, to enjoy the prospect of executing wrong  doers a little too much.
i never wait in the waiting room more than two minutes and the cleanings are quick and painless.
he has clearly gone on enjoying killing people on a large scale in iraq.
this is a great place to shop.
i ve been a regular customer at this store since it opened, and love the fact that all of the employees are friendly locals.
jim,
particularly the lady who operates the front register, she s very kind
take a look at this spreadsheet.
amazing
drug abuse can affect the ability of the person to feel deep emotions like empathy.
absoul is the greatest donair man on the planet.
highly recommended.
if you enjoy amazing things, you must go to world s finest donair.
i tried to calculate the irr on the port aransas and roma post offices.
two decades of pickling his nervous system in various highly toxic substances have left bush damaged goods.
lest you be lame
even for those who later abstain,  visual  spatial abilities, abstraction, problem solving, and short  term memory, are the slowest to recover.
i give this place 11  10.
3 thumbs up.
bon appetit
that he managed to get on the wagon  though with that pretzel incident, you wonder how firmly  is laudable.
great quality doors and great quality people
the door is easy to use and it keeps the cold out during the winter.
the sales staff and the installation staff were all easy to get along with.
i highly recommend garage pros to my friends.
but he suffers the severe effects of the aftermath, and we are all suffering along with him now, since he is the most powerful man in the world.
umm ...
is this how your clients usually evaluate these properties
the roma deal looks much better.
okay, i do nt have a review, but why in the hell would you name your business something that has the initials kkk .... is there something behind the scenes at this place
like i m legitimately concerned at this point ... lol
we all know by now that bush did not even do his full service with the texas air national guard, absenting himself to work on the alabama senate campaign of winton  red  blount.
fresh and excellent quality
phillip
we order take out from here all the time and we are never disappointed.
mery,
the food is always fresh and delicious.
whether he was actually awol during this stint is unclear.
it can be a little on the spicy side but just ask them exactly what you want and they are very helpful.
this sounds better than the limitations you were describing in the meeting.
we should be able to work with this.
i really want to like this place since i work right around the corner.
but it is clear that not only did bush slack off on his national guard service, but he slacked off from his campaign work.
unfortunately, i ve given it a couple of tries at different times and decided to stop going.
the employees do nt really seem to enjoy what they are doing and it shows.
phillip
class act.
this little  noted interview with blount s nephew murph archibald, which appeared on national public radio s  all things considered on march 30, 2004, gives a devastating insight into what it was like to have to suffer through bush in that period.
it was late in the day and i was worried i would get charged an arm and a leg and have to wait forever.
hope you enjoy the posts and feel free to jump in anywhere.
all things considered  800 pm et   npr march 30, 2004 tuesday
they picked my car up in yarmouth and towed to bath for a great price.
would do business with them again.
hope to see you soon
great service
this campaign season, there have been questions about whether george w. bush fulfilled his obligations to the national guard as a young lieutenant in the early 1970s.
we at rl plumbing services are pleased with your professionalism and the extra mile you went to get out computers working correctly, you will be our first call if anything happens again and we will refer you to other people with computer issues.
the alaskan knight
do nt judge a book by its cover
from the outside ichiban looks like it will be terrible.
for weeks, reporters scoured alabama in search of pilots or anyone who might have remembered seeing mr. bush at the time he was serving in the national guard there.
this could nt be farther from the truth.
there is one place in alabama where mr. bush was present nearly every day  the headquarters in montgomery of us senate candidate winton  red  blount.
the food is amazing, and the prices can not be beat.
the sushi is great, and they have a great selection.
all you have to do is sign up for one free offer  such as efax  and then cancel within the offer time frame.
great work
the people at gulf coast siding were very easy and clear to work with.
they walked me through all the steps involved in the the installation project so that there were no surprises.
i found them extremely professional and would highly recommend them.
president bush has always said that working for blount was the reason he transferred to the alabama air national guard.
thanks
absolutely free.
natasha
email  franz371...gmail.com
a real pleasure training with natasha.
always professional and reliable, sessions are good fun and suitably challenging.
npr s wade goodwyn has this report about mr. bush s time on that campaign.
she really listens to what it is you would like to achieve, and i am very happy with my results.
site made
i would highly recommend her services.
wade goodwyn reporting
slow service
and it seems this is the first site of ragnarok2 hahaha since the site is new send me your suggestions and comments
in 1972, baba groom was a smart, funny young woman smack  dab in the middle of an exciting us senate campaign.
i used to take my cars there all the time, but management changes hands too frequently, the service has been slow, and they often try to  add on  extra services, which sometimes is not needed.
i do nt go there anymore
great service
these people were so helpful this week and did everything to sort out my windscreen and insurance.
reply
it was all sorted with no hassle at all and i m really grateful  they were fab.
email  davidr...optonline.net
the best customer service i ve come across for long time.
groom was republican red blount s scheduler, and in that job, she was the hub in the campaign wheel.
absolutely amazing job
ask her about the handsome young man from texas, and she remembers him 32 years later like it was yesterday.
susanna is the best dress maker  tailor i ve ever come across in my whole life
ms. baba groom  former campaign worker
she makes every item fit you perfectly.
groups  alt.animals.breeders.rabbits, alt.animals.cat, alt.animals.crab, alt.animals.dog, alt.animals.dogs.collies.openforum, alt.animals.dolphins, alt.animals.eagle.bald, alt.animals.ethics.vegetarian, alt.animals.falcon
she is always so busy, too, which is a good indication of her talent.
she s the best
teeth
this dentist want to pull the tooth out always .. always wants to do the cheapest for his benefit .. not unless he knows you.
he would wear khaki trousers and some old jacket.
he was always ready to go out on the road.
and hopefully you do not know the same people because he tells others about you payment status.
on the phone, you could hear his accent.
which should be a private issue
i hired this company to unlock my car.
the price they gave was good so i said hey this seems great.
after they showed up there was a little trouble to get my car unlocked, it took quite a bit of time but the job was well done.
bulwark regarding service by eric
this message was cancelled from within mozilla.
it was a texas accent.
just wanted you to know that eric came by as scheduled today and sprayed our house for scorpions.
he seemed to understand how important it was for us to make sure the whole house was sprayed so he took his time.
thank you
a terrible experience
i took a tip from carri and looked up rat asciis on google.
i remain unhappy.
check these out
i still have noticeable scarring.
but he just melded with everybody.
i still have surgically induced hair loss.
my results were just awful.
... there is no companion quite so devoted, so communicative, so loving and so mesmerizing as a rat.
my postop treatment was terrible.
cgoehring
for books that speak for themselves ....
i would nt recommend this place last year, and i certainly would nt recommend them this year.
interested in audiobooks
hidden treasure.
goodwyn  the candidate mr. bush was working for, red blount, had gotten rich in alabama in the construction business.
strip mall asian it is not
come visit irc server  irc.yankeedot.net and join  audiobooks for sharing, discussion and a great trivia game
go in and you will not think you are in chesapeake.
the setting feels like a sushi bar in nyc  small, cozy, but with flair.
prominent southern republicans were something of a rare breed in those days.
get great service, fantastic menu, and relax.
large selection of fiction, science fiction and best sellers.
best in hr so far
blount s support of the party led him to be appointed richard nixon s postmaster general.
excellent medical care
highly recommend
i went to this urgent care center and was blown away with their service.
for books that speak for themselves ....
finally a convenient place close to home.
wonderful staff and physician.
clean and superb.
thanks for the great care
will definitely go back when i need medical care.
excellence in glasgow
i v just had my bmw z3 rear window replaced by the guys at kelvin trimmers.
the team who work there are helpfull, friendly and extremely knowledgeable and will help you as much as they can with thier years of hands on practice.
in washington, blount became friends and tennis partners with mr. bush s father, then congressman bush.
highly recomended.
interested in audiobooks
my favorite place ...
that was how 26  year  old lieutenant bush came to montgomery, at his father s urging...
my daughter and i stayed here again from the 7th to the 14th of december.
yet again it was a great stay from begiinning to end.
come visit irc server  irc.yankeedot.net and join  audiobooks for sharing, discussion and a great trivia game  large selection of fiction, science fiction and best sellers.
okay our room was at times noisy but we were in a mega busy city at an extremely busy time of year.
based on specific intelligence inputs, army arrested ghulam mohiuddin lone, a let man, from doda district.
a definite no
during the preliminary interrogation, lone  confessed  his involvement in the blasts and gave several vital clues.
incompetent servers, kitchen and management.
the india diaries
expect either undercooked or mushy food and lackluster service.
truly a moment that speaks for itself.
he  he.

the investors put big bucks into the building but are clueless about what makes a good dining or bar experience.
even the least discriminating diner would know not to eat at sprecher s.
visit capt. spastic s joke list for all the information and options
wonderful atmosphere
i have been going there since i was a little girl and love the friendly and relaxing atmosphere.
dr. stiefvater has always been very professional and helpful.
i would recommend bayside chiropractic to anyone who is in need of a regular adjustment or is suffering from a chronic condition.
channel guide
believe it or not, but the channel guide has been most helpful to my family members that visit and do nt know where to start when it comes to watching satellite tv.
it was mr. bush s job to organize the republican county chairpersons in the 67 alabama counties.
i just give them guide and they can find anything they need.
back in 1972 in the deep south, many rural counties did nt have much in the way of official republican party apparatus.
thanks again, directv.
capt. spastic s demented world is located at
michael helped shoot the majority of my firm s website and we could not have been happier.
but throughout alabama, there were republicans and democrats who wanted to help red blount.
outlook.jpg
we went through six photographers to find the right photographers that would represent our firm in the light we wished to and michael and his team made that happen.
39 k download
he s worth every penny.
it was the young texan s job to find out what each county leader needed in the way of campaign supplies and get those supplies to them.
average food and deathly slow service
groom says this job helped mr. bush understand how even in a statewide senate campaign, politics are local.
i have eaten here several times and every time the service is slower than slow.
... murph archibald is red blount s nephew by marriage, and in 1972, he was coming off a 15  month tour in vietnam in the infantry.
one time we even left after sitting at the table for 20 minutes and not being greeted with a drink order.
archibald says that in a campaign full of dedicated workers, mr. bush was not one of them.
ridiculous.
5250 deposited directly to your paypal account
there must be a better mexican place in rockland.
i am in love with the giant plate of nachos
mr. murph archibald  nephew of red blount   well, i was coming in early in the morning and leaving in midevenings.
last time i went however, my beer was warm and the service was so  so.
ordinarily, george would come in around noon  he would ordinarily leave around 530 or 600 in the evening.
i get that careless teenager kind of treatment from some of their staff ... perhaps they should hire more serious adults to help serve  cook.
try our ultimate program that will generate a blast of  10 and 8 payments deposited directly to your paypal account.
nice friendly local bagel place
all you have to do is become a member and watch your earnings grow
there might be bigger and more well known bagel places in the area but family bagels are nice people, small shop and incredibly friendly.
goodwyn  archibald says that two months before the election, in september of 72, red blount s campaign manager came to him and asked that he quietly take over mr. bush s job because the campaign materials were not getting out to the counties.
while other may be ok waiting in line at town bagel we are happy with the quality and service we get at family bagels
mr. archibald  george certainly did nt seem to have any concerns about my taking over this work with the campaign workers there.
very mediocre donuts
thank you for helping us to sell out of our first issue, now let your friends and local news organizations know that a delicious reprint, with a hot spanking new cover by greg mannino, is available for order on our website.
the donuts were very over proofed, making them stale and bready.
the service was friendly and fast, but this just does nt make up for the lack  luster product.
we tried4 different style of donuts, they were all the same when it came to quality.
a staple
i live in the neighborhood and this place is one of my favorites for a tasty, quick and inexpensive meal.
branch out and try something other than the pad thai, the curries are fantastic.
share the love
fast and friendly service, they know my order when i walk in the door
my overall impression was that he did nt seem as interested in the campaign as the other people who were working at the state headquarters.
on time, clean and very nice
the end of the year is a time for compiling statistics  and according to the world conservation union  iucn , the year 2003 has been bad news for plants and nonhuman animals, with many species now closer to extinction than ever before.
i called over the weekend due to clogged kitchen sink.
goodwyn  murph archibald says that at first, he did nt know that mr. bush was serving in the air national guard.
scheduled appointment for 830 monday morning.
s
rich was here before the scheduled time.
animal news center webmaster
after he found out from somebody else, archibald attempted to talk to mr. bush about it.
the president was a lieutenant and archibald had been a lieutenant, too  he figured they had something to talk about.
just to let you all know matt has confirmed the booking for 3rd dec i s ok.
mr. archibald  george did nt have any interest at all in talking about the military.
he was very clean, very nice to work with and gave a very reasonable price.
in fact, when i broached the subject with him, he simply changed the subject.
highly recommend.
he has also had to pay the l 15 each up front so woul d be grateful if you could get the cash to him as soon as poss ible.
thanks rich
thanks
seth k.
he was nt unpleasant about it, but he just changed the subject and would nt talk about it.
deep tissue massage helps with pain in neck and shoulders
see you climbing later
seth provides deep tissue massage which has significantly reduced the pain in my neck and shoulders and added flexibility and movement back to the area.
lizzie
he listens and is excellent in diagnosing, addressing and explaining the specific issues and suggesting exercises to use.
i apologize for the following inconvenience, but i have decided to move this group to yahoo, so that we can post files and photos and other useful things.
goodwyn  far from texas and washington, dc, mr. bush enjoyed his freedom.
so please update whatever you need to and go to
he dated a beautiful young woman working on the campaign.
he went out in the evenings and had a good time.
again i apologize, but it ll be better over there.
in fact, he left the house he rented in such disrepair  with damage to the walls and a chandelier destroyed  that the montgomery family who owned it still grumble about the unpaid repair bill.
r. e. glenn

archibald says mr. bush would come into the office and, in a friendly way, offer up stories about the drinking he d done the night before, kind of as a conversation starter.
mr. archibald  people have different ways of starting the days in any office.
email  franz371...gmail.com
they re going to talk about their kids, they re going to talk about football, they re going to talk about the weather.
lol, last news message came out kinda weird, i was trying to browse the japanese website while i changed the text i was supposed to put up but i ran out of time so there are no real pictures yet ... but i ll add the links soon sry.
and this was simply his opening gambit  he would start talking about that he had been out late the night before drinking.
reply
goodwyn  archibald says the frequency with which mr. bush discussed the subject was off  putting to him.
mr. archibald  i mean, at that time, i was 28  george would have been 25 or 26.
dan i for one was very happy to hear about your quitting smoking.
and i thought it was really unusual that someone in their mid20s would initiate conversations, particularly in the context of something as serious as a us senatorial campaign, by talking about their drinking the night before.
i thought it unusual and, frankly, inappropriate.
goodwyn  according to archibald, mr. bush would also sometimes tell stories about his days at yale in new haven, and how whenever he got pulled over for erratic driving, he was let go after the officers discovered he was the grandson of a connecticut us senator.
i ve never been a smoker  am a very strong antismoker, but i m an overeater  so i know how hard it is to change a habit.
archibald, a middle  class alabama boy  who, by the way, is now a registered democrat  did nt like that story.
good luck w it  will pray for you to have the willpower to be smoke  free
email   ryan reynolds   rreynol...cogeco.ca
groups  alt.animals.breeders.rabbits
mr. archibald  he told us whenever he was stopped, as soon as the law enforcement found out that he was the grandson of prescott bush, they would let him go.
and he would always laugh about that.
i would like to invite you to come to a site where you can hear talking parakeets that are not just mimicking, but actually talking in sophisticated conversational language.
this is a major breakthrough in the animal intelligence field and a must see  hear for every animal intelligence enthusiast.
goodwyn dutifully notes that baba groom did nt remember george telling drunk stories.
httpwww.budgieresearch.com
email  franz371...gmail.com
november 22th 2005
but that means nothing, since they were nt the sort of things guys like bush told the  girls .
i got these pictures from tgs, look at all of them if you have time, they re preety cool ...
he was trying to buddy with archibald and impress him.
again, decades of this sort of behavior do not leave a person untouched.
httpwww.4gamer.netnewsimage2005.092005092011190021big.html
our world is in crisis and our republic is in danger.
httpwww.4gamer.netnewsimage2005.092005091903295121big.html
it should not be left in the hands of a man who spent his life like this.
httpwww.4gamer.netnewsimage2005.092005091903295132big.html
when the cities are on fire with the burning flesh of men
httpwww.4gamer.netnewsimage2005.092005091903295139big.html
just remember that death is not the end
httpwww.4gamer.netnewsimage2005.092005091903295142big.html
and you search in vain to find just one law abiding citizen
httpwww.4gamer.netnewsimage2005.092005091903295141big.html
httpwww.4gamer.netnewsimage2005.092005091903295140big.html
httpwww.4gamer.netnewsimage2005.092005091703432115big.html
httpwww.4gamer.netnewsimage2005.09200509170343212big.html
httpwww.4gamer.netnewsimage2005.092005090915220814big.html
httpwww.4gamer.netnewsimage2005.09200509170249181big.html
btw, they re all from 4gamer.
reply
just remember that death is not the end  bob dylan
afraid i do nt have time today to discuss these, but some stories need attention
email   sean figaro   sfig...houston.rr.com
groups  alt.animals.cat
i have a friend that has to get rid of one of her cats because of allergies, he is the youngest at3 years old black, long hair, incredibly friendly.
he comes with everything, litter box, carrier, ect.
from wednesday s mirror the headline,  have 200,000 ak47s fallen into the hands of iraq terrorists
needs good family in houston or surronding area, needs lots of attention, very loving.
also see this thread on the ri discussion board
email   julie   julie...bellsouth.net
some 200,000 guns the us sent to iraqi security forces may have been smuggled to terrorists, it was feared yesterday.
groups  alt.animals.cat
like you said  the kids egg him on .
maybe too much.
the 99  tonne cache of ak47s was to have been secretly flown out from a us base in bosnia.
but the four planeloads of arms have vanished.
orders for the deal to go ahead were given by the us department of defense.
but the work was contracted out via a complex web of private arms traders.
sounds like your cat is stressed out.
and the moldovan airline used to transport the shipment was blasted by the un in 2003 for smuggling arms to liberia, human rights group amnesty has discovered.
maybe he does nt want to play when they want to ..
it follows a separate probe claiming that thousands of guns meant for iraq s police and army instead went to al  qaeda.
he did nt take a dislike to the kids for  no  reason
amnesty chief spokesman mike blakemore said   it s unbelievable that no one can account for 200,000 assault rifles.
if these weapons have gone missing it s a terrifying prospect.
cats react to the treatment they receive, they are not toys.
maybe the cat needs a  new  home .........
julie
i am looking for people who would like to play d  d 3.5 and live in or around the chillicothe, oh area.
we have two people so far, and i am able to dm ... although dms are welcome.
the games will have to take place on fri, sat, or sun.
american defence chiefs hired a us firm to take the guns, from the 90s bosnian war, to iraq.
please let me know if this sounds good, and if you have any question, please ask.
but air traffic controllers in baghdad have no record of the flights, which supposedly took off between july 2004 and july 2005.
thank you very much and we hope to hear from you soon
email  bbc breaking news alert  dailyem...ebs.bbc.co.uk
a coalition forces spokesman confirmed they had not received  any weapons from bosnia  and added they were  not aware of any purchases for iraq from bosnia .
the former iraqi leader saddam hussein is refusing to enter the baghdad courtroom, in protest at how his trial is being conducted.
nato and us officials have already voiced fears that bosnian arms  sold by us, british and swiss firms  are being passed to insurgents.
for more details  httpwww.bbc.co.uknews
a nato spokesman said   there s no tracking mechanism to ensure they do nt fall into the wrong hands.

there are concerns that some may have been siphoned off.
this email is never sent unsolicited.
you have received this bbc breaking news alert because you subscribed to it or, someone forwarded it to you.
this year a newspaper claimed two uk firms were involved in a deal in which thousands of guns for iraqi forces were rerouted to al  qaeda.
to unsubscribe  or subscribe if this message was forwarded to you  go to  httpwww.bbc.co.ukemail
the moldovan airline is aerocom, and yes, it s one of victor bout s.
httpwww.usatoday.comtechsciencespace20050309nasasearchx.htmcsp34
while there have been spasms of speculation about the bush administration naming a replacement for okeefe, no nominee has been declared.
shuttle veteran and longtime nasa executive fred gregory is temporarily at the helm of the 18,000  person agency.
it s always a bang  your  head  against  the  wall moment, reading again the play the incompetence theory receives, even from some of the administration s harshest mainstream critics.
it looks like the future of space exploration might as well be with the space tourists.
very sad too since nasa s astronauts may not fly in the next five years.

posted by hidden nook to hidden nook at 392005 111600 pm
hello dear list members,
but then, even to talk of an  administration  may be misdirection at this point, given how little representative government means in the united states these days, and how much of  national security  has been privatized into a global gangland of drugs and guns.
the multiple planetary afflictions are taking their toll.
like the tens of billions of dollars that have been  lost  in iraq, planeloads of arms do nt just  vanish   not when the pentagon contracts the work to an international criminal of bout s untouchable stature.
currently, mercury and venus is conjunct and the conjunction is being closely aspected by rahu.
but bout s name is nt likely to be mentioned in whatever coverage this story receives, before it sinks like so many others beneath the media s frothing triviality.
in pakistan national chart besides the transit affliction to transit venus in the fourth house by fms rahu and mercury, natal saturn and venus are also under the close affliction of transit rahu.
meanwhile, a decision s been reached in the trial of toledo priest gerald robinson.
and it s guilty
the rev. gerald robinson appeared stony  faced as the jury s guilty verdict was read, and he blinked repeatedly and glanced at his lawyers before being led away in handcuffs.
...
this has resulted in a major rail accident in pakistan involving three trains and involving more than 300 deaths.
in indian national chart besides the transit affliction to transit mercury by rahu and venus the natal saturn and venus are also under the transit affliction of rahu which has resulted into floods in many parts of the country taking toll of human lives, properties, etc..
the crime occurred in the sacristy adjoining the hospital chapel in downtown toledo on the saturday before easter in 1980.
investigators said the nun, margaret ann pahl, 71, was strangled and then stabbed, with nine wounds on her chest forming the shape of an inverted cross, a well  recognized satanic symbol.
an altar cloth was draped over her half  naked body, which was posed as if she had been sexually assaulted.
it was about how he could humiliate her the most,  prosecutor dean mandros said in closing arguments.
he left a message for everyone to see ... maybe to god himself.
after the sentencing one of robinson s tearful supporters  turned to claudia vercellotti, a local leader of the survivors network for those abused by priests  snap , who had helped reopen the case, and told her,  i hope you rot in hell
from snap s statement on the robinson conviction
more than ever, police and prosecutors have the tools and the will to go after horrific crimes, even when the defendants are seemingly powerful individuals or institutions.
when victims and witnesses stay silent, nothing changes.
when victims and witnesses speak up, at least sometimes a child is protected, the truth is exposed, and justice is done.
the murder weapon, robinson s letter opener
finally, from an email, a follow  up on the reopening of the investigation into the atlanta child murders
dekalb county police chief louis graham ... the man who reopened the investigations last year, is mysteriously stepping down.
and of all the people who the county is getting to find a replacement ... is none other than lee brown, the original supervisor of the atlanta pd, who was in office during the murders and the subsequent investigation.
snap is right in part.
police and prosecutors have the tools.
the will is another matter.
some do, individually.
but institutionally
that s still the domain of those who do nt.
lots of important stories out there today jeff .... thank god and a few good souls for that conviction.
have you sent this to congress yet
v k choudhry
talk about law enforcement not having the will ...
crackdown on polygamy group
small polygamous groups have existed in the southwestern us under the watchful yet fairly benign eye of authorities ever since a sect known as the fundamentalist latter day saints  flds  separated itself from mainstream mormonism in 1890.
...
email   the cat album   thecatal...hotmail.com
groups  alt.animals.cat
now, flds leader warren jeffs has been added to the fbi s list of  ten most wanted fugitives,  a move that caps law enforcement s dramatic change of approach toward the polygamous group in recent years ...  because of  the impact that the group s practices, law enforcement officials say, are having on the most vulnerable within the sect, particularly children and women.
u p d a t e d
page 71, 72 and 73 with 48 new pictures of cats and kittens are added to the cat album today.
when the flds under mr. jeffs  and his father before him  grew to some 10,000 followers in several southwestern communities with estimated assets of  110 million  when it became clear that government officials, school authorities, and police in those communities had become intertwined with the sect  when exmembers increasingly reported child and sexual abuse charges  mainly involving underage girls forced to marry older men   and when the sect began to use secluded compounds, state and federal authorities started to crack down more vigorously.
take a look
...
specifically, jeffs is charged in utah and arizona with sexual assault of underage girls and with arranging  spiritual  marriages for girls and older men.
now more than 1100 pictures.
www.thecatalbum.com
at weekend press conferences in salt lake city and phoenix, fbi and state officials said jeffs  is considered armed and dangerous and may be traveling with armed bodyguards.
if you are new to  the cat album  i can tell you that you ll find more than 1100 pictures of cute cats at this site.
in the past, he has talked in apocalyptic terms about a violent end to the world, according to former members.
most of them are of high quality.
...
as with christian identity and other hate  related philosophies tied to the aryan nations and the neonazi creativity movement, jeffs has preached racism as well.
you ll also find some stories.
the idea about this site is that the visitors can send in their own pictures and get them added to the album.
that way we ll all be part of building a huge archive of cat pictures.
the black race is the people through which the devil has always been able to bring evil unto the earth,  jeffs has said as cited by the southern poverty law center s  intelligence report.
and if you send me a story, that would be great to
please join our growing family
an editorial in the church  owned deseret morning news in salt lake city earlier this year acknowledged that  the state s history, a conservative belief in free choice, and an unwillingness to stir up a hornet s nest in the national media have likely all contributed to the kid  glove approach lawmakers and law  enforcement officers have taken when dealing with polygamous communities.
httpwww.thecatalbum.com
httpwww.csmonitor.com20060509p02s01ussc.htmlst5
purrs
maybe i m missing something here, but how, exactly, does one  loose  200,000 ak47s
runar
there s no tracking mechanism in place
email   andre   webmas...globelingerie.com
never mind.
no need to worry.
heh, yep, i like to wear silk chemises, panties even stockings with garter belt.
i m sure this kind of thing goes on all the time.
i feel great in it.
we now return you to your regularly scheduled programming ....
first time i started wearing woman s lingerie i was very young.
just go here, it s simply amazing
i did nt fought is it good or not than.
later on i red somewhere that it s seakness.
the raw story
i was ashamed to be in friendship with girls ... until i undrstood that it s not seakness as well as women wearing men s pants is nt seak
i count like 14 explosive headlines.
then, of course, there is the evidence the jury did not hear about in the robinson case ...
now i have wife and son.
funny how some things are squirelled away by well  meaning prosecutors ...
my wife know my harmless secret and supports me.
maybe because they hint at a larger conspiracy  network of abusers  satanic underground
so, i m men and love to wear women s lingerie .
httplingerie.selectedsex.com
i read of a case not long ago when some people were trying to get a polygamous judge taken off the bench for not obeying state law.
email   tjo   ded69...hotmail.com
of course law enforcement has dragged its feet when members are taking part in the activity themselves.
personally i do nt give a damn what adults do to one another as long as there is no abuse invovled.
there nothing wrong with men dressing in lingerie, when i get home at night the first thing i do is change into a nice silky nightgown or nightie, love the feel.
it is the marrying off of young girls to older men often close relatives that enfurates me.
email  adelia smith  adorabledelia6...gmail.com
also these cults have multimillions yet the women and kids live in poverty so the leaders can live the high life.
today s article
in the warren jeffs cult he reassigns wives if the husband displeases him or to reward the new husband.
frequent travelers and executives are among the masses that get a lot of discount in the airfare.
husbands marry mothers and teen daughters at the same time.
a rare form of retardation is showing up in that group more than anywhere else in the world.
it is easy to get discount airfare for them since they travel very frequently.
it is genetic and the child needs to get the gene from both parents to turn into a vegetable instead of a thinking child.
the doctor begs them to stop intermarrying but they say they have to keep the blood pure.
look up fumarase deficiency for more info.
also look up the kingston family.
one member actually was convicted of beating his teen daughter unconcious when she ran away from  marriage  to her father s own brother.
no one was charged for forced marriage, only the beating.
so we  lost  some weapon
it s a good thing too.
cheap air tickets for corporate
some of the corporate also get cheap air tickets because they tie up with some of the airlines for a certain period based on the discount and services they get from the airlines.
we would nt want those terrorists to run out of shit to shoot at us.
then the war might stop  all those juicy profits would just evaporate.
corporate plans are clubbed with other services through some agencies to provide better service for their staff.
promotional discount airfare
some countries like malaysia and singapore promote trading for foreign visitors during some part of the year.
during this period, they offer cheap air tickets to their country on certain flights.
if you can check with the other airlines during this period, you may get excellent discount airfare, which may even surprise you.
complete article at  httpdiscountairlineticket.blogspot.com200510sometechniquesto...
several years ago i developed a short paper and pencil screening test which, in a small pilot study, discriminated between adhd, ld, and control subjects.
i recently converted this test to an online test in order to norm it to a larger population and, subsequently, to make it available to any one who has access to a computer and the internet.
the test itself is what is called a substitution test.
what s a few dead soldiers in comparison to keeping all those defense contractors awash in all that tax cash
they really are milking the incompetence angle though, are nt they
just another big iraq whoopsie daisy, huh
it has two parts, both of which are timed for 90 seconds each and the differential between the resulting two scores determines the likelihood of having a learning disability or attention deficit disorder.
i am in need of test subjects and hope you will take it.
the test, along with an information form, is available at .
i think a test like this one is much needed.
christ, you d think america would get a bit tired of these guys treating her like she was populated with nothing but gullible idiots.
a person can take it directly instead of others completing behavioral checklists or a completing a lengthy program intensive test like tova.
i suppose that it s damn lucky for the gop that she is populated with gullible idiots.
us outsourcing special ops, intelligence to iraq terror group, intelligence officials say
the pentagon is bypassing official us intelligence channels and turning to a dangerous and unruly cast of characters in order to create strife in iran in preparation for any possible attack, former and current intelligence officials say ...
perhaps you are willing to recommend this site and, if you have a website, place a link on your website.
httpwww.rawstory.comnews2006usoutsourcingspecialoperationsintelligencegathering0413.html
are there any sadists out there who share the same tastes as i do
i do nt know what it is, but since a very young age i have had a strange but very gratifying urge to torture or maime animals.
a country deserves the leaders it has, my friends ...
and mek  the iranian  not iraqi  terror group in question  is itself unquestionably a cult
i am deadly serious, i really do get sexual releif from even hearing of torture of animals, now some people may call me a brute or a coward but i ca nt help my true feelings.
as the leaders like to boast, the mujahedeen is a family affair.
badger baiting is natrually a huge turn on, so i thought a few words in this group might uncover some mutual enthusiasts.
we have three generations of martyrs  grandmothers, mothers, daughters.
sincere appologies to anyone who is offended by my request but my request is genuine.
posted via newsfeed.com  unlimited  uncensored  secure usenet news
most of the girls i was meeting had grown up in mujahedeen schools in ashraf, where they lived separated from their parents.
the 1 newsgroup service in the world
100,000 newsgroups
19 east  west  coast specialized servers  total privacy via encryption
posted via newsfeed.com  unlimited  uncensored  secure usenet news
the 1 newsgroup service in the world
100,000 newsgroups
19 east  west  coast specialized servers  total privacy via encryption
greetings.
my name is bill gottlieb
family visits were allowed on thursday nights and fridays.
i m a freelance journalist specializing in health, with 30 years experience.
when iraq invaded kuwait, many of these girls were transported to jordan and then smuggled to various countries  germany, france, canada, denmark, england, the united states  where they were raised by guardians who were usually mujahedeen supporters.
i m the author of three books  including the 1.3 million seller alternative cures  and hundreds of magazine articles, and worked for 20 years at rodale press, as a writer and as editor  in  chief of prevention and rodale books.
when they were 18 or 19, many of them decided to come back to iraq and fill the ranks of the youngest mujahedeen generation.
currently, i am writing a book on natural supplements to aid weight loss, with harry preuss, md, a professor of medicine at georgetown university  it is scheduled for publication by broadway  random house  in january 2007.
though  decided  is probably not the right word, since from the day they were born, these girls and boys were not taught to think for themselves but to blindly follow their leaders.
i am seeking anecdotes  first name, last initial  from dieters who successfully used a natural supplement to assist their weight loss  the therapeutic agents under discussion include hca, mct, green or oolong tea extract, cla, chromium, starch  blockers, chitosan,5  htp, hoodia and caralluma, hmb, and bcaa.
every morning and night, the kids, beginning as young as1 and2, had to stand before a poster of massoud and maryam, salute them and shout praises to them,  nadereh afshari, a former mujahedeen deep  believer, told me.
if you ve successfully used any of these supplement to aid weight loss, please write me at gottlie...yahoo.com and let me know, telling me about your experience.
afshari, who was posted in germany and was responsible for receiving mujahedeen children during the gulf war, said that when the german government tried to absorb mujahedeen children into their education system, the mujahedeen refused.
thank you for your time and attention.
many of the children were sent to mujahedeen schools, particularly in france.
warm regards,
the rajavis, afshari went on to say,  saw these kids as the next generation s soldiers.
bill gottlieb
once upon a time  in 2001, to be specific , the coca  cola corporation built a bottling plant in a small and remote indian village in the state of kerala.
they wanted to brainwash them and control them.
in exchange for sucking vast amounts of water out of the local land, the mighty corporation promised to bring the people great wealth.
which may explain the pattern to their stories  a journey to self  empowerment and the enlightenment of self  sacrifice inspired by the light and wisdom of maryam and massoud.
link
but within a few short months, the village people began to notice their wells were running dry, so they complained to the corporation.
coca  cola calmed the concerns of the people and attempted to win back their favor by giving them vast amounts of free fertilizer, saying it would grow bountiful crops beyond their wildest dreams.
after several years of use, we arrive at the present day when the village people have suddenly discovered the fertilizer is actually the bottling plant s waste sludge and is laden with cadmium, a highly toxic, cancer  causing heavy metal.
the village soil and water are now too heavily contaminated to safely occupy human life, so the plant was shut down last week.
moral of the story  do nt drink coke .......... drink pepsi
just kidding, pepsi is actually in the process of being thrown out of india for similar crimes, as well.
one has to wonder whether the bright fellows in our government and military who set up the deals with these people do nt know what they are, do nt care, or know perfectly well.
jeff,
the greater new orleans fair housing action center  gnofhac  filed a housing discrimination complaint against the housing authority of new orleans  hano  last week.
sploid.com cited you on the topic of that priest conviction  httpwww.sploid.comnews200605evilpriestgui.php
the complaint, filed with the united states department of housing and urban development, accuses hano of violating a 2003 enforcement agreement entered into between former st. thomas housing development residents, the city of new orleans, hano, and the u.s. department of housing and urban development during the hope vi redevelopment of st. thomas, now known as river garden.
umm ...
the current complaints allege that hano has not provided qualified former st. thomas residents a preference with respect to available public housing units at river garden per the 2003 agreement.
upon return to new orleans after the hurricane katrina evacuation, former residents have been informed that there are no available public housing units at river garden because those units have been reserved for hano employees.
question mark
jimmy plant, blogshares is a fantasy blogosphere trading game with pretend money.
therefore, public housing residents have been unable to secure the units for which they qualified prior to the storm and are left homeless, as a result.
in the wake of hurricane katrina, affordable housing in new orleans is more scarce than ever.
as such, it is essential that hano comply with 2003 enforcement agreement,  said james perry, gnofhac executive director
crude  oil prices rose wednesday as strengthening hurricane rita, now a category5 storm, threatened to disrupt oil production in the gulf of mexico.
new york s main contract, light sweet crude for delivery in november rose 60 cents to close at 66.80 dollars per barrel.
in london, the price of brent north sea crude for november delivery advanced 53 cents to 64.73 dollars.
after brushing the florida keys islands on tuesday, rita packed winds of about 240 kilometers an hour as it headed across the gulf of mexico.
the us national hurricane center said rita was  extremely dangerous  and could become a top  level category five storm on the saffir  simpson scale.
the storm threatened oil installations in the gulf of mexico where about one  quarter of us oil operations are based.
oil companies evacuated offshore facilities as the storm s progress kept global markets on tenterhooks.
in texas, bp shut its 460,000 barrels per day refinery and marathon shut its 72,000 bpd plant.
that s all i know  i ve had nothing to do with it.
bush successfully makes satan look good in comparison.
or something like that.
httpwww.laweekly.comgeneralfeaturessatanlovesyou13454
another generation of heavy metal has taken over, and  sorry  it ai nt just about strippers and dope.
okay, it s partly about strippers and dope.
and we ll get around to that.
but more and more, as metal evolves into a huge international music that belongs to everyone, it has gotten to be something weirder.
it s become a guardian of morality  not church morality  real morality.
praise be  given the void in responsible behavior among governments, police, educational establishments and religions, the task of guiding our youth down the path of righteousness has fallen to ... satan
hmmmmmm ....................
the people who carry out these underground arms  drugs  sex trafficking deals are trauma based mind controlled slaves.
the moldovan airline is aerocom, and yes, it s one of victor bout s.
the wikipedia entry for aerocom is just a stub .. waiting for someone to put some information into it ....
httpen.wikipedia.orgwikiaerocom
so ... put some information in there.
valero said it was reducing rates at its 243,000 bpd texas city refinery and its 85,000 bpd houston refinery.
exxon mobil released nonessential staff from two giant texas plants.
last month, katrina devastated refineries in louisiana and mississippi and sent prices to a record high of 70.85 dollars a barrel.
please support the link bellow which is excelnt, thank for your click and attention
httpwww.newscientistspace.comarticle.nsiddn8293feedidhumanspaceflightatom03
you know, nature hates a void.
richard,
i agree, hmmmmmm.
how are chants of death and suicide ... morality.
what about manson s tees bearing the message,  kill your parents .
and were the columbine killers acting out this  real morality  when they indescriminately murdered their classmates.
they were death metal brainwashed fans, literally fulfilling the death metal paradigm, er ... morality.
new scientist space
not church morality, no that is phoney, love thy neighbor ... hell no, kill thy neighbor  now that is real morality
so, hmmmm indeed.
i detect the hissing lisp of the lying serpent in this article.
the deathly inversion of truth, ala satanism.
i think the jury s still out on exactly who did the brainwashing when in regard to the columbine killers.
nasa is looking to private companies to launch both supplies and astronauts to the international space station, it announced this week.
...
perhaps we should look at the death metal phenomenon less as an invitation to violence than as a coutercultural response to the over hypocrisy of a large percentage of the  church  morality  crowd, which gives a lot of lip service to loving thy neighbor, but does nt apply that love very far beyond their own congregation.
it s not cost  effective doing station flights while at the same time focusing on getting back to the moon,  says brett alexander, vicepresident of transformational space, one of the companies hoping to launch astronauts to the iss.
the last i checked, the satanists have a long way to go to catch up with the death and destruction dealt out by self  proclaimed  though false  christians.
nasa intends upon retiring the space shuttles in 2010, which only leaves it with 18 flights towards the iss.
irony is dead ... long live irony
that s it.
outsourcing these responsibilities would be a wise alternative, considering the accomplishments of the private sector regarding the space elevator.
i m firing my editor.
although some may praise this as an opportunity for the private sector to finally serve the public good, nasa seems hesitant about turning over the reigns to the corporate world.
well, it s not as simple and clear cut as all that.
new scientist space
we re entering into some interesting and perhaps previously unexplored sociopolitical  spiritual territory here that may require further examination and serious introspection.
the kevin coogan publication posted on the previous thread might serve as a good launching point for further discussion.
on3 november, nasa administrator michael griffin told the us house science committee that the agency expects to invest about  500 million in the commercial cargo and crew project over five years.
the following quote is from that coogan article
that kind of a financial incentive  ...  will be sufficient to allow substantial providers to emerge,  griffin said.
i hope that industry, if put to the test, can do better  than the government , but i do not expect it,  griffin added.
imaginary evil is romantic and varied  real evil is gloomy, monotonous, barren, boring.
imaginary good is boring  real good is always new, marvelous, intoxicating.
only time will reveal whether griffin s expectations are either exceeded or confirmed.
but seeing how the private sector has been able to successfully transport civilians to the iss  at about a fifth of the cost , it would come to no surprise if corporate america was able to out perform their bureaucratic friends in government.

simone weil
posted by hidden nook to hidden nook at 11162005 083600 am
starroute
i would nt wonder too hard.
httpseattlepi.nwsource.comnationalapmideaststory.aspcategory1107slugpalestinians20abbas
the answer is likely d  all of the above, due to this being a complex reality we live in.
but to me, without question, they often know perfectly well.
normally this author is semiobjective  what blogger is  but on the seattlepi.com  see source link  palestinian leader mahmoud abbas has demanded that israel leave all the land that it occupies before the 1967 border  which includes east jerusalem by the way .
one thing is certain for sure.
here is a thought  when the appartently cognitively functional take actions that seem senseless and incompetent, it is a most certain sign that they have ulterior or hidden motives.
if abbas keeps up this  macho talk  he will kill potential peace talks and might as well allow hamas  which has probably done a better job at providing for the palestinians  rule the west bank.
they trust you and me to be befuddled by their actions, while they  do as they wilt .
ap photo  nasser nasser
httpyoutube.comwatchvd46ctqdmi4
to not buying the bs
interim palestinian leader and the front  runner in the upcoming jan.9, 2005 presidential election mahmoud abbas talks during his first official campaign speech in the west bank town of ramallah, saturday dec. 25, 2004.
here i am thinking that i really must be getting old.
cloaking himself in yasser arafat s legacy, abbas pledged to fulfill palestinian dreams of statehood.
since the article was specifically about  death metal  i guess the author missed this little tidbit or we just have waaaaaaaaaaaaay different definitions of morality
httpnews.bbc.co.uk2hiprogrammesthisworld4446342.stm
it seems that the palestinian leadership  upcoming  will not be a peace partner with israel.
he is already demanding claims that israel said no to not only the world, but to arafat himself.
one man s relentless search for his missing son led him to uncover one of the most shocking crimes in postwar italy  a tale of satanism and violence that has gripped the country for more than a year.
in january 1998 fabio tollis and chiara marino, both just 16, disappeared.
listing his priorities, abbas told supporters of the ruling fatah party that he was determined to provide security to his people and continue the struggle against israel s partially completed west bank barrier.
abbas also pledged to resolve the problem of millions of palestinian refugees and their descendants.
they had been drinking at a pub called the midnight  the centre of the heavy metal scene in milan  and they never came home.
the police and many of their friends just thought they had run off together.
but their parents refused to accept this.
michele tollis, fabio s father, began to attend metal concerts and festivals across europe, handing out leaflets and quizzing fabio s friends.
fabio and his friends were into the most extreme forms of heavy metal music  death metal and black metal, music obsessed with images of murder and satanism  and the role of this music is central to the story.
no one can contradict me when i say that heavy metal and satanism are closely linked
michele tollis
it emerged that chiara, the girl who disappeared with fabio, had a collection of satanic literature and paraphernalia in her bedroom.
abbas, a refugee himself from what is today the northern israeli city of safed, called the refugee issue  very important and very dangerous.
during this search, michele tollis became convinced that satanism had something to do with his son s disappearance.
having personally visited the west bank and israel, i can say that this new political voice is threatening to collapse the peace process.
if abbas does not change his former thinking and continues the path of yasser arafat, then there will not be peace in the holy land and the palestinians will ultimately suffer.
no one can contradict me when i say that heavy metal and satanism are closely linked.
selah
they re inseparable,  he says.

yeah, i think jeff wrote on one of his posts here in the past several months   to hell with death .
posted by hidden nook to hidden nook at 12262004 104608 pm
i wholly agree, and would expand that statement to include   to hell with death metal .
httpnews.bbc.co.uk1hiworldmiddleeast4281450.stm
the freaky thing here is that these bozos are seriously claiming the moral high ground
talk about a beat  your  head  against  the  wall moment
hat tip  captain s quarters
bbc
the palestinian militant organisation hamas has announced an end to rocket attacks on israel from the gaza strip after a weekend of escalating violence.
up to 40 rockets had been fired at israel, weeks after its military withdrew from the territory.
in response to the rockets, israel resumed its policy of targeting militant leaders in air strikes.
authorised by ariel sharon to make  unrestricted  strikes, its military launched new missile attacks overnight.
and for  smartwolf  above, think about the inversion principle being employed.
they are doing it deliberately.
do you really think gwb, and neocons in general are representative of true followers of jesus of nazareth
i know, ignorant question  then why call them, or any other phonies  christians , even if they themselves claim the appellation.
they are merely imposters.
everything they claim is a lie, and this above all.
so why even credit their claims
it looks as if hamas has thrown in the towel for this round, unable to take the beating the israeli defense forces have unleashed upon this terrorist group.
mahmoud zahar, hamas s leader declared the cease fire after israel killed its former leader, muhammed sheikh khalil.
this only serves their purposes.
they want to be identified as  christians , and i fully suspect that for some of them, the motivation behind their subterfuge is more than mere political advantage, and has a lot more to do with the black magician s practice of the inversion principle.
we need to be more  rigorous  about how we perceive these people.
hamas has become rather unpopular in gaza, as many see the israeli air strikes as a response towards the rocket attacks upon israeli soil.
egypt had a role to play as they convinced hamas to end the attacks, although the same can not be said of islamic jihad.
jerusalem post
we re not happy with hamas s position at this stage and in light of the israeli escalation against the palestinians,  commented khader habib, a senior islamic jihad official.
but it seems that hamas has its own political agenda.
...
the problem is not with the palestinian resistance groups but with israel s scheme to destroy the palestinians  infrastructure,  habib said.
hamas remains targeted by israel, as in the past, and the israeli occupation does not need excuses to pursue its aggression.
israel wants to drive the palestinians toward civil war.
see them as they are, not for what they claim to be.
islamic jihad has refused to recognized the cease fire, and hopes to turn the gaza strip  into a vast battlefield.
... the most extreme forms of heavy metal music  death metal and black metal, music obsessed with images of murder and satanism  and the role of this music is central to the story.
unless president mahmoud abbas steps in, gaza will probably look like a battle field by the time israel is done reminding hamas of their critical error, although currently the only thing abbas is doing is lashing out and refusing to take responsibility for his inability to act.
almost all of the avant guard art movements of the early 20th century  except for italian futurism  were labeled  degenerate  by the national socialists.
adolf hitler even held an exhibition of  degenerate art  in 1937, while curating a parallel show of  aryan  art across the street.

the german expressionist movement was destroyed as a result.
posted by hidden nook to hidden nook at 9262005 081400 pm
here s a quick overview of the entartete kunst  degenerate art  exhibit of 1937
iguazu is a big or a small country
httpen.wikipedia.orgwikidegenerateart
iguazu is not a country ....
iguazu is in argentina
how much is a big mac in your country
5.76 for the combo meal


what foods do you eat in miramar
argentinian foods of course, lmao.
ironically  or perhaps not , the notion of the  degenerate  and  degenerate art  was appropriated by the nazis and its origins can be traced back to jewish  intellectual  max nordau and a 1892 book he authored called degeneration..
lol
nordau was also the co founder of the world zionist organization.
when the apparently cognitively functional take actions that seem senseless and incompetent, it is a most certain sign that they have ulterior or hidden motives.
seafood
you mean miramar florida theyy have good seafood there
they trust you and me to be befuddled by their actions, while they  do as they wilt.
have you had any knowledgement about pearl pigment.
a question
... nope and i am proud of it ... because my teacher have nt taught us that yet ...
are the adherent of  crowleyan thelema  and others of similar ilk appropriating or appropriating from the appropriators to redirect  energy
can you recommend any restaurants in buenos aires
does this reappropriation lead to or originate from the same place
seems as if there is a clear distinction being made between the  imaginary  whore of babalon and the actually whore of babylon, which is this global system.
is the distinction accurate and valid
does the distinction actually exist
this is where the socio  political aspect of this conundrum comes into play.
confused
i will be vacationing there
good.
yes.
so, enemy, what s your point
why do nt you state it
there are several just off their beautiful beach.
my point is that these are all just questions and i am undecided as to the answers.
enjoy yourself my friend
here s another interesting example
does teacher s camp in baguio also accomodate even1 person
john balance from coil.
cos i ll be going to baguio alone and i have tight
do nt wish to use wikipedia again, it s just easier than spending time looking up more obscure and detailed information.
httpen.wikipedia.orgwikijohnbalance
httpwww.couchsurfing.org
httpwww.guardian.co.ukobituariesstory0,3604,1371372,00.html
try couch surfing po.
balance died in 2004 after a  fall.
what influenced picasso s cubism style of painting
he blended belief systems such as shamanism, christianity, buddhism, paganism, hermeticism and gnosticism and imbued coil s vast output with a magickal current designed to have a functionally transcendent effect on listeners.
i ve seen that ....... that does not help me at all it says what cubism influenced not what influnced cubism
not 200,000 guns  the numbers do nt work
httpen.wikipedia.orgwikicubism
what do you eat in miramar
5 kg per gun, 200,000 guns means 1000 tonnes, impossible for4 containers.
food like the stuff they eat in spanish countries like tacos, beans, rice, pork, steak, ect.
if the load was 99 tonnes there were probably less than 20,000.
try googling it for more info
etg
anyone know of any hha training in delaware
maybe if you formulate your questions a little more specifically it will help you in acquiring the answers.
i do hold a hha certificate in the state of ny but i looking to move to delaware anyone know how i can get certified in delaware
any information about crazy horse sculpture
any
i assume you mean the crazy horse memorial.
they have their own website which you can easily find using any search engine.
httpwww.google.comsearchaq0oqcrazyhorsememgcxwsourceidchromeieutf8qcrazyhorsememorial
how to prepare a silicon rubber mould for human statue of size 375 mm in height
here is a product page from a company that makes mold making materials
i am, therefore i think
httpwww.smoothon.comp132beginnerbrushablemoldrubberoptionspages.html
reporting from the town where susan polk s trial is going on.
it is a starting place to look
how many days will speed post take to reach from delhi to mumbai
i went across the bay last night to attend a farmer s market and music event.
lo and behold, the mormons were there with a booth.
two young men delivering information about the mormon genealogy program.
just give your email and  or phone number to these guys and they ll track down your family.
i was amazed at the spiel they delivered.
give it three days barring sundays and holidays.
3 to4 days if you are lucky on average it takes about6 days.
like2 day
what is the nearest national park to birmingham, uk
the peak district  derbyshire  is the closest.
the south shropshire hills are far closer.
they are not a national park, but are extremely beautiful.
www.visitsouthshropshire.co.uk
trivia
kindly young men, but utterly programmed and brain  dead.
i resisted asking any questions that would have required either of them to think.
when was miramar founded
it would have been too painful to watch.
has anyone read the letter purportedly from ahmadinejad to george bush
i ll give best answer for the first person who gets it right
httpwww.thetruthseeker.co.ukarticle.aspid4503
september 20, 1888
i do nt know if this has been verified.
it was incorporated as a city on may 26, 1955.
miramar was founded september 20 1888.
but succintly making point after succint point, the text of the letter stands on its own merit, regardless.
do people bare  knuckle box in ireland
certain elements of the travelling community engage in this activity, but overall no not really.
i like to imagine the thought processes going on in w s head if he were to actually read the letter, but it is hard to picture him actually reading this letter.
er, no
as i read the letter, i considered the vast contrast between mind and morality of whoever wrote it, vs. that of the mind of the man who once said  bring it on
some members of the traveler community bare knuckle box.
america, your condition is dire, dark and deep.
other than that i do nt know.
what are some good 18  clubs in the bay area
of the metal music farce, ministry has definately made in  road into  loose change    alex jones  territory with their new record, rio grande blood.
important kos diary about bush s response to the gathering storm of scandals
httpwww.dailykos.comstory2006512232746857
for today saturday nov 5th.
executive orders
preferably in san jose, palo alto, san francisco ..
very creepy, very scary
they have been accumulating for years, and basically give the president to sieze the government whenever he feels like it.
i want to party hardy for my birthday
but who would do a thing like that .... hey wait a minute
when you turn 21 you can party any were you want
why did bush revoke executive order 13011 today
i have hundreds of vhs movies lying around ... what should i do with them
by exmearden
they bulk up too much space
fri may 12, 2006 at 082746 pm pdt
i gave mine to a rest home for senior citizens and an old soldiers  home.
covert into dvd.
in scanning the whitehouse.gov site today, i noticed the following executive order
executive order  amendments to executive orders 11030, 13279, 13339, 13381, and 13389, and  revocation  of executive order 13011 ....
i ca nt believe there are no serious metal fans who frequent ri.
i m wary of jumping into this fray without backup, that s for damn sure.
give them to a library or burn them.
i m a regular poster but for some reason blogger wo nt let me in today ... but sign me troublefunk.
is r2d2 a stupid name for a cat
i could call him r2 for short
i have a cat named gummibear, so no, r2d2 is not a stupid name.
it s your cat you can pick and name you want
hell no.
that s a great name.
kudos.
tronicus
what to do in san rafael ca
okay so i live in san rafael ca like by the mi pueble and the home depot .. what are fun things to do around there
like any lounges
i m 15 btw
what about downtown ...
like 4th street and stuff
which of these do you like  mcdonald s, burger king, taco bell, wendy s
burger king
it seems like i m at a real restaurant like applebee s, their food is usually that good
mcdonal s the best for me
simply, the questions permeate the entire  western  mystery  tradition  and perhaps  eastern  as well, as they relate to the confluence of politics and spirituality.
for example, is the system of crowleyan thelema a failed alchemical process
or was it supposed to initially be a process of alchemical appropriation
similarly, is invoking ancient egyptian gods and goddesses a reaffirmation of an oppressive and hierarchical system
in my opinion, people can no longer afford to partition out and compartmentalize personal spiritual and political systems.
the  high weirdness  and more hardcore political  factions  must perhaps integrate and arrive at a synthesis.
the one i like the most would be wendy s.
would someone give me some information about migratory birds in punjab
in regards to death metal, the problem is, once again, a question of education, history and the vacuous lack of perspective in american culture.
actually i have an project on it so please give me as much as you have information about migratory birds in punjab
shall we censor the works of poet charles baudelaire as well
baudelaire was perhaps one of the first  death metal  artists.
i do nt know about birding in that part of the world but you might possibly find help at this site  httpwww.wildlifeofpakistan.compakistanbirdclubindex.html
tronicus, if you re still checking this thread
what is the dress code for males at del frisco s philadelphia
a bit of a knee  jerk reaction from me there, and i apologize for my overgeneralizations.
my real problem is with literalist fundamentalists, of any religion.
my boyfriend s birthday is november 22nd and we are going to del frisco s for dinner.
i was unsure of what he should wear, it says business casual but that can be interpreted in many different ways.
please help.
5233  nt
information on the eurostar train
can children go on the eurostar train on there own to france and where about is the eurostar located
no under 12s.
people aged 13  17 may be allowed to travel alone at eurostar s discretion  you should email them for a decision.
eurostar runs from london st pancras station.
what is the dress code for females at del frisco s philadelphia
i will be going to del frisco s in late november for dinner and i was wondering what the dress code is for a female.
it says business casual but i know this can be interpreted in many ways.
please help.
5765  ntkb
you can view at dresscod.com
can you post a link that shows all the art works that were never found after the natzi stole them
google nazi stolen art recovery ...
out of the 650 k est stolen works of art by the nazis ... 70 k still remain missing .. and there are thousands in musems that have nt been returned to their right full owners and heirs ..
miramar
are they just making these places up
well you say miramar i say piramar
miramar
piramar
true believers are dangerous animals.
i just get hung up on  christians , as they re the dominant form where i come from.
let s call the whole thing off.
miramir is for real, but there are a lot that make you wonder.
also, i m quite clear on the fact that those in power now  and, in general, most anyone at the top of a pyrimidal power structure  tend to use the dominant religion as a cloak to hide their true motivations and as a tool to control the masses.
it boggles the mind that anyone can take at face value bush s claims to be a christian, yet many seem to do just that.
i seem to remember something about  by their works shall ye know them.
i do get my hackles up a bit when people haul out the old  rock  n  roll made them do it  argument.
there are way more stranger names in the u.s for areas than miramar.
i think miramar was a famous goat trainer or something.
whie i do nt subscribe to the notion that the things we watch or listen to have no effect on our behavior  which i think is patently rediculous , it does bother me when people single out a specific group of people to pin the blame on.
he deserved respect
subcultures  as the lable implies  do not develope in a vacuum.
anyone have a good recipe for an empanada cordobes
again, i think the problem is people who sink to far into their own egos, and begin to take their personal metaphors a bit too literaly.
how about empanadas arabes or other empanadas from that area of argentina
these people are dangerous wether they re head  banging to  canibal corpse  or humming along to  onward christian soldiers .
yes.
the mixing of religion and militarism is a whole other topic ....
here it is right here.
1 cup of empanadas
i have nothing but respect for people who adhear to nonviolence, forgiveness, and charity, but it s important to remember that christians  or  smartwolves   do not have a monopoly on that particular lifestyle.
1 cup of arabes
peace.
the fact that the us government and media are having a hissy fit over venezuela wanting to buy guns, and then 200,000 of the guns chavez wants to buy go missing on their way to iraq is definitely sus.
1 cup of other empanadas
1 cup of from that area of argentina
mix it all up
then poop in it
the end
it s just like cooking kidney, just boil the piss out of it
i guess those guns will be located enroute to venezuela or found in storage there by one of the us s local stooges and they then have a pretext to ramp the spin up a notch or two.
i sent a phone to mobile phone exchange and it failed a test due to lost or stolen what should i do
thanks again to my friend nick keck for passing this along via email.
it is the text of a speech given by an arab gentleman before the advisory board of a large multination corporation.
it s a long but very worthwhile read.
i was sold a phone by a friend and sent it off to get it recycled what can i do
buy a new phone
hope they do nt call the police and arrest you
it s illegal to sell stolen property, even if you do nt know it s stolen.
erm ya how can i watch fair city online in england lols
a view from the eye of the storm
ya ca nt.
they do nt show it on rte player
talk delivered by haim harari at a meeting of the international advisory board of a large multinational corporation, april, 2004
as you know, i usually provide the scientific and technological  entertainment  in our meetings, but, on this occasion, our chairman suggested that i present my own personal view on events in the part of the world from which i come.
you ca nt but here s an update  the doctor is about to discover the affair between her husband and jo  who has become her new best friend .
i have never been and i will never be a government official and i have no privileged information.
deco is still with caoimhe.
my perspective is entirely based on what i see, on what i read and on the fact that my family has lived in this region for almost 200 years.
suzanne is pregnant.
you may regard my views as those of the proverbial taxi driver, which you are supposed to question, when you visit a country.
hope you do nt miss it too much.
i m in school for photography and i want to work in forensic so what else do i need to do.
i could have shared with you some fascinating facts and some personal thoughts about the israeli  arab conflict.
however, i will touch upon it only in passing.
i prefer to devote most of my remarks to the broader picture of the region and its place in world events.
i refer to the entire area between pakistan and morocco, which is predominantly arab, predominantly moslem, but includes many nonarab and also significant nonmoslem minorities.
sciences  principally biology but also chemistry.
you need a background in law enforcement.
it s not enough to have photography skills.
why do i put aside israel and its own immediate neighborhood
because israel and any problems related to it, in spite of what you might read or hear in the world media, is not the central issue, and has never been the central issue in the upheaval in the region.
yes, there is a 100 year  old israeli  arab conflict, but it is not where the main show is.
talk to your academic adviser, see what they recommend.
the millions who died in the iran  iraq war had nothing to do with israel.
certainly not  normal  photography ... forensic photography is about the facts
the mass murder happening right now in sudan, where the arab moslem regime is massacring its black christian citizens, has nothing to do with israel.
httpwww.google.co.uksearchqforensicphotographyieutf8oeutf8aqtrlsorg.mozillaenusofficialclientfirefoxasafeactivesout1
the frequent reports from algeria about the murders of hundreds of civilians in one village or another by other algerians have nothing to do with israel.
was the iphone the first smart phone
i m writing an essay for school and i need to know if the iphone was the first smart phone.
was it
technically, blackberry was because it was the first with real email and games and stuff.
saddam hussein did not invade kuwait, endanger saudi arabia and butcher his own people because of israel.
egypt did not use poison gas against yemen in the 60s because of israel.
assad the father did not kill tens of thousands of his own citizens in one week in el hamma in syria because of israel.
the taliban control of afghanistan and the civil war there had nothing to do with israel.
but iphone was the first  officiol  touch screen smart phone.
the libyan blowing up of the pan  am flight had nothing to do with israel, and i could go on and on and on.
no, it was nt.
but it did revolutionize the way we think of as a smartphone.
the root of the trouble is that this entire moslem region is totally dysfunctional, by any standard of the word, and would have been so even if israel had joined the arab league and an independent palestine had existed for 100 years.
the 22 member countries of the arab league, from mauritania to the gulf states, have a total population of 300 millions, larger than the us and almost as large as the eu before its expansion.
canon sx40 or canon s100
which one should i get
it s prettty much the same , please advice
go with the s100.
it s more compact, iso 6400 capability  sx40 only 3200 , faster lens at f2 and the sx40 only f  2.7.
they have a land area larger than either the us or all of europe.
both have full 1080 video with stereo recording, so that does nt matter.
these 22 countries, with all their oil and natural resources, have a combined gdp smaller than that of netherlands plus belgium and equal to half of the gdp of california alone.
the s100 has a slightly larger screen and the new digic5 processor.
within this meager gdp, the gaps between rich and poor are beyond belief and too many of the rich made their money not by succeeding in business, but by being corrupt rulers.
passport needed for international boat cruise
the social status of women is far below what it was in the western world 150 years ago.
i am going on a private boat cruise with my friends from florida.
will stay in the waters for few days.
human rights are below any reasonable standard, in spite of the grotesque fact that libya was elected chair of the un human rights commission.
according to a report prepared by a committee of arab intellectuals and published under the auspices of the u.n., the number of books translated by the entire arab world is much smaller than what little greece alone translates.
the total number of scientific publications of 300 million arabs is less than that of6 million israelis.
birth rates in the region are very high, increasing the poverty, the social gaps and the cultural decline.
and all of this is happening in a region, which only 30 years ago, was believed to be the next wealthy part of the world, and in a moslem area, which developed, at some point in history, one of the most advanced cultures in the world.
will we need a passport
it is fair to say that this creates an unprecedented breeding ground for cruel dictators, terror networks, fanaticism, incitement, suicide murders and general decline.
if you are unsure whether or not you need your passport then faz will be able to help
it is also a fact that almost everybody in the region blames this situation on the united states, on israel, on western civilization, on judaism and christianity, on anyone and anything, except themselves.
uh, where
a word about the millions of decent, honest, good people who are either devout moslems or are not very religious but grew up in moslem families  they are double victims of an outside world, which now develops islamophobia, and of their own environment which breaks their heart by being totally dysfunctional.
just in the water
the problem is that the vast silent majority of these moslems are not part of the terror and the incitement, but they also do not stand up against it.
they become accomplices, by omission, and this applies to political leaders, intellectuals, business people and many others.
depends where u are going.
if you r in the usa and venture into cuba then u need a passport
many of them can certainly tell right from wrong, but are afraid to express their views.
how can i get weed in auckland
the events of the last few years have amplified four issues, which have always existed, but have never been as rampant as in the present upheaval in the region.
can ssome oone please tell me where i can buy some weed in auckland.
a few more years may pass before everybody acknowledges that it is a world war, but we are already well into it.
give me an address or something please idk.
getting real frustrated now aye.
thanks
you ve already asked this.
these are the four main pillars of the current world conflict, or perhaps we should already refer to it as  the undeclared world war iii
anyone who looks like a druggy or dodgy.
1. the first element is the suicide murder.
suicide murders are not a new invention but they have been made popular, if i may use this expression, only lately.
even after september 11, it seems that most of the western world does not yet understand this weapon.
it is a very potent psychological weapon.
its real direct impact is relatively minor.
the total number of casualties from hundreds of suicide murders within israel in the last three years is much smaller than those due to car accidents.
september 11 was quantitatively much less lethal than many earthquakes
more people die from aids in one day in africa than all the russians who died in the hands of chechnya  based moslem suicide murderers since that conflict started.
saddam killed every month more people than all those who died from suicide murders since the coalition occupation of iraq.
so what is all the fuss about suicide killings
it creates headlines.
it is spectacular.
it is frightening.
it is a very cruel death with bodies dismembered and horrible severe lifelong injuries to many of the wounded.
it is always shown on television in great detail.
one such murder, with the help of hysterical media coverage, can destroy the tourism industry of a country for quite a while, as it did in bali and in turkey.
but the real fear comes from the undisputed fact that no defense and no preventive measures can succeed against a determined suicide murderer.
this has not yet penetrated the thinking of the western world.
the u.s. and europe are constantly improving their defense against the last murder, not the next one.
we may arrange for the best airport security in the world.
why would someone post the location of a dealer in a public place
but if you want to murder by suicide, you do not have to board a plane in order to explode yourself and kill many people.
who could stop a suicide murder in the midst of the crowded line waiting to be checked by the airport metal detector
how about the lines to the check  in counters in a busy travel period
put a metal detector in front of every train station in spain and the terrorists will get the buses.
protect the buses and they will explode in movie theaters, concert halls, supermarkets, shopping malls, schools and hospitals.
you re an idiot.
put guards in front of every concert hall and there will always be a line of people to be checked by the guards and this line will be the target, not to speak of killing the guards themselves.
drop by my house, i can get you some real cheap.
you can somewhat reduce your vulnerability by preventive and defensive measures and by strict border controls but not eliminate it and definitely not win the war in a defensive way.
what is this irish tune called
and it is a war
it s a reel and i have danced to it before ..
what is behind the suicide murders
i should have asked then but i did nt the only line i remember is de lunde bar .. or something like that .. does anybody know which song i am talking about
with no link provided it is hard to say.
try googling it or type it into youtube you might get lucky.
link
if it s a reel then it s scottish
help findin a restaurant for anniversary in sf
it s my two year anniversary in a few days and was wondering if somone could tell me about a great restaurant in sf or other nearby cities
i like hayes street grill .... another plus, it s right by civic center, so you can take a romantic walk around the opera house, city hall, symphony auditorium ... all very beautiful.
prime rib s
it s kind of expensive though
what would happen if you flew the flag of south vietnam in modern day vietnam
it would be similar to flying the flag of the third reich in modern day germany or in israel.
you would be violating the law.
money is, money and power and cold  blooded murderous incitement, nothing else.
it has nothing to do with true fanatic religious beliefs.
no moslem preacher has ever blown himself up.
no son of an arab politician or religious leader has ever blown himself up.
no relative of anyone influential has done it.
the police would make you take it down and you may face fines and imprisonment  but definitely not execution.
you will also face the ire of most people there.
they might be imprisoned or executed
yes, it would be an execution punishment.
wellington sign poll.
where do we vote
if anyone else has voted
would nt you expect some of the religious leaders to do it themselves, or to talk their sons into doing it, if this is truly a supreme act of religious fervor
are nt they interested in the benefits of going to heaven
where do we vote
obviously because i want to vote.
and if anyone else has voted, what did you guys vote for
instead, they send outcast women, naive children, retarded people and young incited hotheads.
they promise them the delights, mostly sexual, of the next world, and pay their families handsomely after the supreme act is performed and enough innocent people are dead.
suicide murders also have nothing to do with poverty and despair.
it closed on sunday ...
the poorest region in the world, by far, is africa.
it never happens there.
you voted on the dominion posts website.
the top two are going  head to head  in a final vote on that opens on wednesday on  httpwww.stuff.co.nzdominionpost
they should have one for the all blacks winning.
there are numerous desperate people in the world, in different cultures, countries and continents.
wellywood looks rather cheap and tacky
desperation does not provide anyone with explosives, reconnaissance and transportation.
air asia flight attendant
there was certainly more despair in saddam s iraq than in paul bremmer s iraq, and no one exploded himself.
good day, i m a foreigner living in malaysia, german citizen, 21 years of age, i was wondering if air asia recruits foreigners
thanks
a suicide murder is simply a horrible, vicious weapon of cruel, inhuman, cynical, well  funded terrorists, with no regard to human life, including the life of their fellow countrymen, but with very high regard to their own affluent well  being and their hunger for power.
the only way to fight this new  popular  weapon is identical to the only way in which you fight organized crime or pirates on the high seas  the offensive way.
i ve tried calling them a week ago, they said they ca nt give me those details over the phone, or let me know, keep asking me to go to some website, but there s nothing useful on it
write  or call  an asian airline directly and get the answer immediately.
like in the case of organized crime, it is crucial that the forces on the offensive be united and it is crucial to reach the top of the crime pyramid.
what kind of meal do peopel in argentina have
you can not eliminate organized crime by arresting the little drug dealer on the street corner.
you must go after the head of the  family .
i am doing a project and need to know what kind food argentina people eat for breakfast, lunch, and dinner.
and what is their big  main meal of the day.
if part of the public supports it, others tolerate it, many are afraid of it and some try to explain it away by poverty or by a miserable childhood, organized crime will thrive and so will terrorism.
like in america dinner is our main meal.
the united states understands this now, after september 11.
and around what time they eat each of their meals.
russia is beginning to understand it.
edible ones, i hope  beef, pork, chicken, fish ...
turkey understands it well.
why not look it up
i am very much afraid that most of europe still does not understand it.
they eat lots of grilled meat, chorizo, and such, with potatoes
unfortunately, it seems that europe will understand it only after suicide murders arrive in europe in a big way.
why do i want to do work experience at an animal center
reasons plllz
in my humble opinion, this will definitely happen.
how are strangers supposed to know why you want to do that sort of job
just make a list of reasons why you like the job and do a little bit of internet searching to see what people have to say about being in the job.
hope you find out soon
you should work that out before applying.
maybe it s beacuse you love to work with animals and you just ca nt be hay if you were nt soing that job
the spanish trains and the istanbul bombings are only the beginning.
the unity of the civilized world in fighting this horror is absolutely indispensable.
cheap restraunts close to orchestra hall in chicago
until europe wakes up, this unity will not be achieved.
2. the second ingredient is words, more precisely lies.
for a field trip with my orchestra, we are going to the chicago symphony orchestra.
words can be lethal.
before that, we are turned loose to get dinner.
being a suburban teenager, i do nt really know where is cheap, safe, and close to orchestra hall  220 south michigan ave.
they kill people.
it is often said that politicians, diplomats and perhaps also lawyers and business people must sometimes lie, as part of their professional life.
does anyone have any ideas for restaurants within walking distance where i ca nt get lost
i do nt know.
maybe if you post the question again, someone will give you a good answer.
but the norms of politics and diplomacy are childish, in comparison with the level of incitement and total absolute deliberate fabrications, which have reached new heights in the region we are talking about.
an incredible number of people in the arab world believe that september 11 never happened, or was an american provocation or, even better, a jewish plot.
you all remember the iraqi minister of information, mr. mouhamad said al  sahaf and his press conferences when the us forces were already inside baghdad.
disinformation at time of war is an accepted tactic.
does crack barrel ban employees from having tattoos
i m suppose to start a job at cracker barrel, but i ca nt risk losing the job because i have two visible tattoos on my arm.
but to stand, day after day, and to make such preposterous statements, known to everybody to be lies, without even being ridiculed in your own milieu, can only happen in this region.
if you know or work there could you enlighten me
mr. sahaf eventually became a popular icon as a court jester, but this did not stop some allegedly respectable newspapers from giving him equal time.
why do nt you phone another location and ask
it also does not prevent the western press from giving credence, every day, even now, to similar liars.
i do nt think they ban if the tats are nt offensive and you should make them not noticeable at the time of the interview but once you got the job there nothing they can really say if so you have a sue  case against them
privacy in kerala, help pls ..
i need to hav sm good time spent with my gf .. in kerala .. in which all places in kerala shal i expect ambience and privacy for making love .. pls help. thank you
house boat is a perfect place also beach resorts in trivandrum and the raviz in kollam  da syd f ashtamudi lake in kollam
houseboat in kerala is a good option for you, all the best
after all, if you want to be an antisemite, there are subtle ways of doing it.
try varkala, it s a ammazing and is by the beach.
you do not have to claim that the holocaust never happened, and that the jewish temple in jerusalem never existed.
but millions of moslems are told by their leaders that this is the case.
people are open minded thr since the place is frequented by firangs.
i have a male and female cockatiel, and there are2 eggs in the bottom of the cage, will they hatch
when these same leaders make other statements, the western media report them as if they could be true.
it is a daily occurrence that the same people who finance, arm and dispatch suicide murderers, condemn the act in english in front of western tv cameras, talking to a world audience, which even partly believes them.
most likely not, if there is not a bird sitting on the eggs.
it is a daily routine to hear the same leader making opposite statements in arabic to his people and in english to the rest of the world.
this is hard to tell.
incitement by arab tv, accompanied by horror pictures of mutilated bodies, has become a powerful weapon of those who lie, distort and want to destroy everything.
cockatiels can lay unfertilized eggs as well.
little children are raised on deep hatred and on admiration of so  called martyrs, and the western world does not notice it because its own tv sets are mostly tuned to soap operas and game shows.
just because you have a male and female, it can not be guaranteed the two mated.
i recommend to you, even though most of you do not understand arabic, to watch al jazeera, from time to time.
you can try picking up the eggs and holding it up against a very bright light.
you will not believe your own eyes.
but words also work in other ways, more subtle.
if you see a dark spot in the egg, that means it is fertilized and will hatch if cared for properly.
a demonstration in berlin, carrying banners supporting saddam s regime and featuring three  year old babies dressed as suicide murderers, is defined by the press and by political leaders as a  peace demonstration .
you may support or oppose the iraq war, but to refer to fans of saddam, arafat or bin laden as peace activists is a bit too much.
have fun.
why is the city called miramar
i m not sure about the origin of the name but they are a lot of different cities with different and unique names like miramar so it s just a name.
a woman walks into an israeli restaurant in midday, eats, observes families with old people and children eating their lunch in the adjacent tables and pays the bill.
she then blows herself up, killing 20 people, including many children, with heads and arms rolling around in the restaurant.
there s lots of towns called miramar, it d help a lot if you listed a state or some sort of context you re looking for it in.
she is called  martyr  by several arab leaders and  activist  by the european press.
here s two examples
dignitaries condemn the act but visit her bereaved family and the money flows.
there is a new game in town  the actual murderer is called  the military wing , the one who pays him, equips him and sends him is now called  the political wing  and the head of the operation is called the  spiritual leader .
there s a miramar in florida, just north of miami.
there s also a miramar in california, the site of a rather large air force base ...
there are numerous other examples of such orwellian nomenclature, used every day not only by terror chiefs but also by western media.
miramar california is a bit north of san diego.
these words are much more dangerous than many people realize.
they provide an emotional infrastructure for atrocities.
boy trouble
it was joseph goebbels who said that if you repeat a lie often enough, people will believe it.
ok well i have a crush on2 guys but unforchunitly it is almost valentine s day afnd i just broke up with my and i have dated one of the guys i like and one guy lives in my naborhood guy i need your help i am a girl but i need a guy s help what shoul i do
he is now being outperformed by his successors.
amd i like2 guys
3. the third aspect is money.
well i d just come straight out and tell them how you feel
it may sound like a bad idea
huge amounts of money, which could have solved many social problems in this dysfunctional part of the world, are channeled into three concentric spheres supporting death and murder.
but in the end they might feel the same
just saying most men suck
who se better looking
can t decide ask friends
good luck
is gare montparnasse storage still available
in the inner circle are the terrorists themselves.
the money funds their travel, explosives, hideouts and permanent search for soft vulnerable targets.
the inner circles are primarily financed by terrorist states like iran and syria, until recently also by iraq and libya and earlier also by some of the communist regimes.
these states, as well as the palestinian authority, are the safe havens of the wholesale murder vendors.
they are surrounded by a second wider circle of direct supporters, planners, commanders, preachers, all of whom make a living, usually a very comfortable living, by serving as terror infrastructure.
is it still available
finally, we find the third circle of so  called religious, educational and welfare organizations, which actually do some good, feed the hungry and provide some schooling, but brainwash a new generation with hatred, lies and ignorance.
because i have read that there are times it s not available.
if it s not available is there nearby alternative to store my luggage
this circle operates mostly through mosques, madrasas and other religious establishments but also through inciting electronic and printed media.
it is this circle that makes sure that women remain inferior, that democracy is unthinkable and that exposure to the outside world is minimal.
it is also that circle that leads the way in blaming everybody outside the moslem world, for the miseries of the region.
i m traveling to lourdes for a day
the outer circle is largely financed by saudi arabia, but also by donations from certain moslem communities in the united states and europe and, to a smaller extent, by donations of european governments to various ngos and by certain united nations organizations, whose goals may be noble, but they are infested and exploited by agents of the outer circle.
the saudi regime, of course, will be the next victim of major terror, when the inner circle will explode into the outer circle.
ty
hi,
yes storage for your luggages is still available at gare montparnasse.
the saudis are beginning to understand it, but they fight the inner circles, while still financing the infrastructure at the outer circle.
figuratively speaking, this outer circle is the guardian, which makes sure that the people look and listen inwards to the inner circle of terror and incitement, rather than to the world outside.
some parts of this same outer circle actually operate as a result of fear from, or blackmail by, the inner circles.
pay attention, altough there are automatic storage, you can only pay with coins  they re now installing some where you ll be able to pay with credit card, but it s sporadic now.
the horrifying added factor is the high birth rate.
price  3,40 euros,5 euros or 7,5 euros 1  for a 72 heures lenght.
i wan na meet girls from san francisco i am from mexico
half of the population of the arab world is under the age of 20, the most receptive age to incitement, guaranteeing two more generations of blind hatred.
i am from mexico traveling to san francisco california one week i wan na meet american girls there where i can find them
some of the leaders of these various circles live very comfortably on their loot.
they r open mind for talk
they will talk to me if i am mexican
you meet their children in the best private schools in europe, not in the training camps of suicide murderers.
you can find american girls all over the city.
the jihad  soldiers  join packaged death tours to iraq and other hotspots, while some of their leaders ski in switzerland.
as long as you are a gentleman and treat them with respect they wo nt have any problem talking with you and your nationality will have nothing to do with how they treat you.
go to la after say 1100 search the street corners btw keep ur wallet locked up and have  200 on hand have a gun just in case btw
mrs. arafat, who lives in paris with her daughter, receives tens of thousands of dollars per month from the allegedly bankrupt palestinian authority, while a typical local ringleader of the al  aksa brigade, reporting to arafat, receives only a cash payment of a couple of hundred dollars, for performing murders at the retail level.
going to fiji and i can not wait
4. the fourth element of the current world conflict is the total breaking of all laws.
after my last day in sydney, i will be going to fiji before heading back to the states.
the civilized world believes in democracy, the rule of law, including international law, human rights, free speech and free press, among other liberties.
i am staying in fiji for four nights
there are naive old  fashioned habits such as respecting religious sites and symbols, not using ambulances and hospitals for acts of war, avoiding the mutilation of dead bodies and not using children as human shields or human bombs.
1  what islad of fiji is a good island that is not too far from the main airpart in fiji.
a way i could get there by boat instead of taking another plane ride
never in history, not even in the nazi period, was there such total disregard of all of the above as we observe now.
2  i would like to say on a island with an a  all inclusive resort  if possible , and a beach front room
every student of political science debates how you prevent an antidemocratic force from winning a democratic election and abolishing democracy.
other aspects of a civilized society must also have limitations.
3  also want an island where i can do fun activities, rainforest is a must
can a policeman open fire on someone trying to kill him
you need to bring me next time
can a government listen to phone conversations of terrorists and drug dealers
if you can not wait you should book an earlier flight.
does free speech protect you when you shout  fire  in a crowded theater
should there be death penalty, for deliberate multiple murders
where can i get morcillas in tampa bay, i will like the argentinian type, but i will to try anothers please
these are the old  fashioned dilemmas.
i searched all over the internet, but i could not find one place in tampa bay that sells morcillas, also known as blood pudding, black pudding and blood sausages.
i learned that morcillas are basically impossible to find all across the north american region.
but now we have an entire new set.
but i did find this website, www.igourmet.com, where they sell all types of sausages, including blood sausages
do you raid a mosque, which serves as a terrorist ammunition storage
so follow the link at the bottom and buy some blood sausages.
do you return fire, if you are attacked from a hospital
do you storm a church taken over by terrorists who took the priests hostages
huh
yuck
i do nt know, and it is because i do nt like them, do you know that, morcillas is coagulated blood from animals, ewww
is there any kind of public transport available between noida and greater noida
up roadways buses ply frequently between sector  37 crossing in noida and kasna in greater noida, passing through pari chowk.
do you search every ambulance after a few suicide murderers use ambulances to reach their targets
apart from these there are numerous cabs that ferry passengers between sector  37 crossing and pari chowk.
do you strip every woman because one pretended to be pregnant and carried a suicide bomb on her belly
yes bus service is available.
do you shoot back at someone trying to kill you, standing deliberately behind a group of children
it is not frequent.
hi,
do you raid terrorist headquarters, hidden in a mental hospital
yes dear, you can find lots of public transport options between noida to greater noida.
do you shoot an archmurderer who deliberately moves from one location to another, always surrounded by children
there are up govt.
buses, dtc buses, call center cabs, private white line buses most frequently running between noida and greater noida.
you can find them from indian oil building, sector  37, taj express road  bus stops  etc.
thanks,
all of these happen daily in iraq and in the palestinian areas.
what do you do
how can you get wifi anywhere 24 7 on your apple ipod8 gb
i have wifi at my house, but that s just at my house ... is there any way i can buy some card to make the ipod itself have wifi
i want to be able to use it in my car, out n about etc ... i guess like an iphone, but that s later on and, i know what they are so no suggestions on just goin out to buy one i m talking about right now just for an ipod.
well, you do not want to face the dilemma.
but it can not be avoided.
you got ta get an iphone for 3g ... only way ... actually there is a thing that you pay for monthly that gets wifi from satellite and you can connect to it anywhere but you have to cary it with you
how are vietnam and afghanistan alike
and different
i m doing a report on how afghanistan and vietam are different and alike.
i ve been on the internet for3 hours but so far i ve got nothing.
suppose, for the sake of discussion, that someone would openly stay in a well  known address in teheran, hosted by the iranian government and financed by it, executing one atrocity after another in spain or in france, killing hundreds of innocent people, accepting responsibility for the crimes, promising in public tv interviews to do more of the same, while the government of iran issues public condemnations of his acts but continues to host him, invite him to official functions and treat him as a great dignitary.
i leave it to you as homework to figure out what spain or france would have done, in such a situation.
i need to know how they are different and alike in these areas
the problem is that the civilized world is still having illusions about the rule of law in a totally lawless environment.
location and the impact of the location
reasons for going into war
global reasons for conflict
who fought the wars
cost of the u.s. in money and men
political costs of the war
impact of the war on the american people
it is trying to play ice hockey by sending a ballerina ice  skater into the ring or to knock out a heavyweight boxer by a chess player.
in the same way that no country has a law against cannibals eating its prime minister, because such an act is unthinkable, international law does not address killers shooting from hospitals, mosques and ambulances, while being protected by their government or society.
international law does not know how to handle someone who sends children to throw stones, stands behind them and shoots with immunity and can not be arrested because he is sheltered by a government.
international law does not know how to deal with a leader of murderers who is royally and comfortably hosted by a country, which pretends to condemn his acts or just claims to be too weak to arrest him.
the amazing thing is that all of these crooks demand protection under international law, and define all those who attack them as  war criminals,  with some western media repeating the allegations.
the good news is that all of this is temporary, because the evolution of international law has always adapted itself to reality.
will someone plz help me it s due wensday
the punishment for suicide murder should be death or arrest before the murder, not during and not after.
different ... one was in the jungle, the other is in the high mountain deserts.
after every world war, the rules of international law have changed, and the same will happen after the present one.
alike ... both were fought for securities reasons by the us  no matter what the liberal revisionist historians tell you .
what is your cat s name and why did you name him  her that
if you have a cat of course.
my cat s name is twinky.
when she was a tiny little kitten she looked like those twinky snack cakes.
she is a creme tabby and i ve had her for over2 years now.
i have a siamese lynx name star we called her that because she has a star pattern on her face.
and she is the star of the family.
i love her.
i have a norwegian forest cat that is named achilles bc as a kitten he always attacked your feet when you walked by
my cat s called frank because the year we got him was the year frank sinatra died
he also had bright blue eyes like frank sinatra did
what does it mean when a veiled chameleon egg is soft
my female chameleon just laid eggs yesterday and today some of the eggs are soft when i mean soft i mean like not like ordinary chameleon eggs.
they are probably infertile.
if there is no male they are probably infertile
but during the twilight zone, a lot of harm can be done.
if you take a flash light and shine it through the eggs and you see nothing throw them away
the picture i described here is not pretty.
what can we do about it
in the short run, only fight and win.
if you do not they will start to rot
in the long run, only educate the next generation and open it to the world.
if she has no male to fertilize the eggs, the eggs will aways be infertile.
the inner circles can and must be destroyed by force.
if you do have a male but they are not in the same cage or breeding but you touch him then her she will smell his sent and probably lay eggs.
the outer circle can not be eliminated by force.
hope she stops laying eggs because she will get really skinny
if she continues
here we need financial starvation of the organizing elite, more power to women, more education, counterpropaganda, boycott whenever feasible and access to western media, internet and the international scene.
above all, we need a total absolute unity and determination of the civilized world against all three circles of evil.
hope this helps
allow me, for a moment, to depart from my alleged role as a taxi driver and return to science.
i have 24 hrs in san francisco  what are the best sights to see in my short time
when you have a malignant tumor, you may remove the tumor itself surgically.
i have a day stop  over in san francisco and my wife want to see some of the key sites.
we are staying next to the airport which is located next to bartrail.
we have limited time what are the best sights to see, geiven that we only have a short time
you may also starve it by preventing new blood from reaching it from other parts of the body, thereby preventing new  supplies  from expanding the tumor.
if you want to be sure, it is best to do both.
but before you fight and win, by force or otherwise, you have to realize that you are in a war, and this may take europe a few more years.
we check in early afternoon and we fly next day.
hop onto a hop on  hop off bus.
it ll take you to all the major sites  gg bridge, haight, chinatown, etc  and you can get off anyplace you want to spend more time at.
in order to win, it is necessary to first eliminate the terrorist regimes, so that no government in the world will serve as a safe haven for these people.
i do not want to comment here on whether the american  led attack on iraq was justified from the point of view of weapons of mass destruction or any other prewar argument, but i can look at the postwar map of western asia.
now that afghanistan, iraq and libya are out, two and a half terrorist states remain  iran, syria and lebanon, the latter being a syrian colony.
perhaps sudan should be added to the list.
as a result of the conquest of afghanistan and iraq, both iran and syria are now totally surrounded by territories unfriendly to them.
iran is encircled by afghanistan, by the gulf states, iraq and the moslem republics of the former soviet union.
syria is surrounded by turkey, iraq, jordan and israel.
this is a significant strategic change and it applies strong pressure on the terrorist countries.
it is not surprising that iran is so active in trying to incite a shiite uprising in iraq.
i do not know if the american plan was actually to encircle both iran and syria, but that is the resulting situation.
in my humble opinion, the number one danger to the world today is iran and its regime.
it definitely has ambitions to rule vast areas and to expand in all directions.
it has an ideology which claims supremacy over western culture.
it is ruthless.
go to goldstar.com and get tickets for about a third of the price.
it has proven that it can execute elaborate terrorist acts without leaving too many traces, using iranian embassies.
alcatraz island
it is clearly trying to develop nuclear weapons.
take a ferry ride
its so  called moderates and conservatives play their own virtuoso version of the  good  cop versus bad  cop  game.
it s an amazing experience
is it better to book a cruise online or by a travel agent
iran sponsors syrian terrorism, it is certainly behind much of the action in iraq, it is fully funding the hezbollah and, through it, the palestinian hamas and islamic jihad  it performed acts of terror at least in europe and in south america and probably also in uzbekistan and saudi arabia and it truly leads a multinational terror consortium, which includes, as minor players, syria, lebanon and certain shiite elements in iraq.
first time to go on a cruise any and all info is appreciated
personally, i do nt find a travel agent to be of value to me as i am willing to put in the time doing research on the internet.
i have not had good experience with travel agents.
nevertheless, most european countries still trade with iran, try to appease it and refuse to read the clear signals.
in order to win the war it is also necessary to dry the financial resources of the terror conglomerate.
it is pointless to try to understand the subtle differences between the sunni terror of al qaeda and hamas and the shiite terror of hezbollah, sadr and other iranian  inspired enterprises.
when it serves their business needs, all of them collaborate beautifully.
they do nt seem to know anything but the hype they are told and the packages they have available to them.
it is crucial to stop saudi and other financial support of the outer circle, which is the fertile breeding ground of terror.
it is important to monitor all donations from the western world to islamic organizations, to monitor the finances of international relief organizations and to react with forceful economic measures to any small sign of financial aid to any of the three circles of terrorism.
the one time i actually booked through a travel agent i did not get all of the amenities i had paid for.
the few times i have consulted with a travel agent i was able to find the same for less on my own, and more options than what they were selling.
it is also important to act decisively against the campaign of lies and fabrications and to monitor those western media who collaborate with it out of naivety, financial interests or ignorance.
so now i do not bother with them at all.
above all, never surrender to terror.
best is using an online travel agent
no one will ever know whether the recent elections in spain would have yielded a different result, if not for the train bombings a few days earlier.
but it really does not matter.
what matters is that the terrorists believe that they caused the result and that they won by driving spain out of iraq.
my hamster escaped .... need help now
the spanish story will surely end up being extremely costly to other european countries, including france, who is now expelling inciting preachers and forbidding veils and including others who sent troops to iraq.
in the long run, spain itself will pay even more.
okay .... i have a dog and my mother is really really terrified of hamsters.
well last night while i was sleeping, my hamster escaped from his cage.
he is in my room, but there are so many things inside there, i du n no what to do.
i have lots of containers in there.
anybody give me ideas like a trap or something
find him before he finds the dog food.
i m not kidding, i once lost a hamster in my house3 months later i walk down in the basement and it was as big as a rat.
it had been eating dog food the whole time.
it was huge and scared the crap out of me.
make sure he is nt trapped somewhere  put a bowl of food out.
he will come and eat
start cleaning and start looking.
can i have some indoor pet ideas please
i want a small indoor pet that my mother will let me have please help
i want something cheap east to take care of and something to hopefully fit in my room
no pet is really easy to take care of.
they all need love and attn, food, proper surroundings etc.
the easiest thing would be a fish  but u need to clean the tank weekly, feed it the right amt, etc etc x
having a pet is nt easy.
you should treat all pets like children.
they require a lot of attention or they get fussy and tear stuff up.
if you want easy then go with a gold fish or hamster.
i would go with a small rodent such as a mouse, rat, hamster or gerbil if you want something you can handle and hold.
is the solution a democratic arab world
if by democracy we mean free elections but also free press, free speech, a functioning judicial system, civil liberties, equality to women, free international travel, exposure to international media and ideas, laws against racial incitement and against defamation, and avoidance of lawless behavior regarding hospitals, places of worship and children, then yes, democracy is the solution.
if democracy is just free elections, it is likely that the most fanatic regime will be elected, the one whose incitement and fabrications are the most inflammatory.
we have seen it already in algeria and, to a certain extent, in turkey.
it will happen again, if the ground is not prepared very carefully.
fish are probably the easiest to take care of though.
french male sensuality
on the other hand, a certain transition democracy, as in jordan, may be a better temporary solution, paving the way for the real thing, perhaps in the same way that an immediate sudden democracy did not work in russia and would not have worked in china.
i have no doubt that the civilized world will prevail.
i ve been dating a man from brittany france for a couple of months now.
but the longer it takes us to understand the new landscape of this war, the more costly and painful the victory will be.
he s been away for a week and i was thinking of waiting for him in his apartment wearing only his dress shirt.
it s still a fairly new relationship and we have nt had sex yet so it s kind of a big deal.
i just do nt want to freak him out or make him feel uncomfortable.
europe, more than any other region, is the key.
its understandable recoil from wars, following the horrors of world war ii, may cost thousands of additional innocent lives, before the tide will turn.
zawahiri was associated with a faction of the egyptian islamic jihad known as the vanguards of conquest.
zawahiri and the vanguards of conquest were seeking to recreate mohammed s taking of mecca by a small band through violent attacks on egyptian leaders.
is it ok for a woman in french culture to make the first move
what do french men find sexy
by 1998, zawahiri had determined that the egyptian islamic jihad should focus on its struggle against the united states and hold off on further attacks against the egyptian regime.
french women are the ones to say yes, the way we say it is not usually as straigthforward as you propose to do.
a key question is how they acquired the anthrax strain first isolated by the texas veterinary medical diagnostic lab in 1980.
why not wait for him in a sexy dress with lunch or dinner, or a light snack at his house.
and you take it up from there.
according to senior counter terrorism officials, both here and abroad, among the supporters of these militant islamists were people who blended into society and were available to act when another part of the network requested it.
al qaeda, anthrax and ayman  means, motive, modus operandi and opportunity
just make sure that it is a light meal with little alcohol.
homeland security
in early june 2003, a central intelligence agency   cia   report publicly disclosed that the reason for mohammed atta s and zacarias moussaoui s inquiries into cropdusters was for the contemplated use in dispersing biological agents such as anthrax.
rug works for me
an early september 2003 newsweek article included a rumor by a taliban source that at a meeting in april 2003 bin laden was planning an  unbelievable  biological attack, the plans for which had suffered a setback upon the arrest of khalid shaikh mohammed   ksm  .
food is always good
he had been captured the previous month in rawalpindi, pakistan.
in november 2003, a report by a un panel of experts concluded that al qaeda is determined to use chemical and biological weapons and is restrained only by technical difficulties.
in a statement issued june 16, 2004, the 911 commission staff concluded that  al qaeda had an ambitious biological weapons program and was making advances in its ability to produce anthrax prior to september 11.
according to director of central intelligence george tenet, al qaeda s ability to conduct an anthrax attack is one of the most immediate threats the united states is likely to face.
on august9, 2004, it was announced that in the spring of 2001, a man named el  shukrijumah, also known as jafar the pilot, who was part of a  second wave,  had been casing new york city helicopters.
photographs from a seized computer disc included the controls and the locks on the door between the passengers and pilot.
in a bulletin, the fbi noted that the surveillance might relate to a plot to disperse a chemical or biological weapon.
the cia reportedly has been quietly building a case that the anthrax mailings were an international plot.
this is old news.
it s just no longer bureaucratically impolite to openly contest the fbi s  former  theory about a lone, american scientist.
many people have argued that a us  based al qaeda operative is behind the earlier fall 2001 anthrax mailings in the us, and that the mailings served as a threat and warning.
princeton islamist scholar bernard lewis has explained that while islamists may disagree about whether killing innocents is sanctioned by the laws of jihad, extremists like zawahiri agree that notice must be given before biochemical weapons are used.
the prophet s guidance,  says michael scheuer, an al  qaeda analyst who recently retired from the cia and once headed its bin laden unit,  was always, before you attack someone, warn them very clearly ...  the anthrax mailings followed the pattern of letters they sent in january 1997 to newspaper branches in washington, d.c. and new york city, as well as symbolic targets.
the letter bombs were sent in connection with the detention of the blind sheik abdel rahman and those responsible for the earlier world trade center bombing in 1993.
unique gifts and cards
great store great products
i love the meat
lovley food and fab chips
best place to sleep
best square slice around.
cheapest drinks in keene
handwritten notes and files on a laptop seized upon the capture of ksm, al qaeda s 3, included a feasible anthrax production plan using a spray dryer and addressed the recruitment of necessary expertise.
what your morning paper did not tell you, however, was that the cia seized a similar disc from ayman zawahiri s right  hand, ahmed salama mabruk,5 years earlier.
the computer disk was confiscated from him during his arrest by the cia in azerbaijan and handed over to the egyptian authorities.
mabruk, at the time, was the head of jihad s military operations.
there is a risk that observers underestimate the time that al qaeda has had to make progress in such recruitment and research and development.
some may still think that even in the final stages of the 911 plot, zacarias moussaoui was going to fly a 5th plane into the capitol or white house.
others argue that he was to be part of a second wave of airliners directed to targets on the west coast.
there is an email by moussaoui, however, dated july 31, 2001 indicating that he sought to take a crop dusting course that was to last up to6 months.
over priced for mexican food
very miss informed people
simple, quick take away.
in march 2003, mohammed reportedly said that moussaoui was not going to be part of 911 but was to be part of a  second wave.
wonderful staff and great service
best place for snowboard eva.
good, friendly, reasonable service
the food tasted like rat feces
beware they will rip u off
no service .. but good food ..
although ramzi binalshibh provided him  14,000 in july, accused september 11 conspirator zacarias moussaoui told his trial judge that he had an al qaeda mission that would have come after the terrorist attacks.
ksm explained that moussaoui s inquiries about crop dusters may have been related to the anthrax work being done by us  trained biochemist and al qaeda operative, malaysian yazid sufaat.
zacarias moussaoui, never the sharpest tool in the shed and thought by his superiors to be unreliable, has told the judge at his trial in a filing that he wants  anthrax for jew sympathizer only.
favorite dd spot in the area
a most outstanding, professional firm.
well kept facility with friendly staff.
al qaeda s regional operative, hambali, who was at a key january 2000 meeting and supervised sufaat, has been captured.
good food and coffee with a nice atmosphere
hambali reportedly is cooperating to some degree.
responsive, kept me apprised of status.
ksm and hambali sent al  hindi  al  britani , along with jafar the pilot, to case nyc targets for a second wave.
whatever you order, you will love
it was as part of that surveillance in early 2001 that jafar the pilot studied tourist helicopters in the nyc area.
good quality indian food in a pleasant environment
high guality pup food at a good price.
sufaat, according to both ksm and hambali, did not have the virulent us army ames strain that would be used.
horrible tap water.
that would require someone who had access to the strain.
but no other complaints.
but if experience is any guide, nothing would stand in the way of dr. ayman zawahiri s decade  long quest to weaponize and use anthrax against us targets that was described by one confidante to an egyptian newspaper reporter.
easy registration, helpful staff and fun teachers
awesome bacon egg and cheese sandwich for breakfast.
the islamist had been released from egyptian prison and had known zawahiri well for many years.
emails from zawahiri to atef in the spring of 1999 indicate that ayman was a close student of the usamriid anthrax program.
the world s fair museum was pretty cool.
there is no delivery.
there is no delivery.
great atmosphere, great food.
definitely a must.
gone
library is closed.
it is now bislas.
awesome bagels
long lines on the weekends but worth it
some of the nicest people and very good work standards
he believed that the koran instructed that a jihadist should use the weapons used by the crusader.
bad food and bad service
save yourself a trip
what we know is that he s always said it was a religious obligation to have the same weapons as their enemies,  former cia obl unit counter terrorism chief michael scheuer has said.
blooming onion, the only reason to visit this restaurant.
the wall street journal reported that a computer used by zawahiri contains a june 1999 memo that  said the program should seek cover and talent in educational institutions, which it said were  more beneficial to us and allow easy access to specialists, which will greatly benefit us in the first stage, god willing.
he s great
zawahiri was associated with a faction of the egyptian islamic jihad known as the vanguards of conquest.
i wo nt go to anyone else.
zawahiri and the vanguards of conquest were seeking to recreate mohammed s taking of mecca by a small band through violent attacks on egyptian leaders.
fast and affordable.
by 1998, zawahiri had determined that the egyptian islamic jihad should focus on its struggle against the united states and hold off on further attacks against the egyptian regime.
great job master keying our building.
retired
a key question is how they acquired the anthrax strain first isolated by the texas veterinary medical diagnostic lab in 1980.
dr joseph retired.
dr. dorn is his backup.
great job
thanks for fixing my garage door a
really amazing the new and exciting plays done at this theatre
no meat on burger and too much pepper.
no place to seat
hobbs on mass.
absolutely my favorite store in lawrence, ks
too expensive
the food s okay, but the price is outrageous.
nice and quiet place with cosy living room just outside the city.
good fun for wing night, food eh, beer list eh ...
you were extremely polite and professional.
very impressed.
great electrician.
prime rib was very tough.
staff were pleasant.
wo nt return.
vingas
visakha industrial gases pvt. ltd., location at google maps.
midtown reston has great location and luxurious environment.
really enjoyed it.
compare to last decade this university is gaining more prestige in international level
according to senior counter terrorism officials, both here and abroad, among the supporters of these militant islamists were people who blended into society and were available to act when another part of the network requested it.
if you re looking for homestyle japanese food, you ca nt beat this
a few days before christmas 2003, after a renewed audiotape threat by zawahiri of attacks, to include in the us homeland, the threat level was raised to orange or  high.
ok
ca nt remember good or bad, so it must have been meh.
great job
mercedes and dan are very thorough and on top of everything
after the alert condition had long since returned to yellow, zawahiri in late february issued another audiotape.
love this park
he urged the president that brigades and brigades would be coming under the banner of jihad carrying death and seeking paradise.
this is a great park to have kids birthday parties at
zawahiri said that the us should expect another 911 on us soil.
great service and awesome prices.
according to some reports, zawahiri is thought by intelligence to be somewhere near the border of pakistan and afghanistan.
i get microdermabrasions regularly and i love the environment
at one time, some thought he had been spotted in iran.
wherever he is, authorities need to focus on the traceable connection between him and those he or atef recruited.
great spot to kick back for a cup of joe and a snack.
in october 2001, did the fbi profilers know of the draft message khalid mohammed had on the seized laptop  from 1995  that was signed  khalid sheik bojinka
cool ambience.
the letter threatened to use biochemical weapons if the blind sheik was not released.
how a pizza place should be
khalid mohammed s involvement dates back to bojinka, as does hambali s .
there is a free cola with every pizza.
pleasure to work with.
the experience with every department has been great.
use of biochemical weapons as blackmail and threatened retaliation for such detentions was an alternative scenario in the bojinka planning.
no complaints
your average crappy chain.
food is awful and the place caters to the yuppy crowd.
great garage and customer service.
great knowledge and prices compared to anyone in the industry.
clean  tidy with good atmosphere  pleasant staff.
food drastically lets the place down though
this is a great facility.
great instructors
most of all, my daughter loves it
in may 2004, patrick hughes, lieutenant general  retired , assistant secretary for information analysis, homeland security department testified before the 911 commission.
he explained that interrogations and other evidence revealed that al qaeda wanted to strike the us with a nonconventional weapon, most notably anthrax.
marisol
this place is awesome twelve did an amazing job place is clean and staff is friendly
the same week, the wtc head testified that while they had not received any briefing on the use of planes, they had taken steps to prepare for an attack using anthrax based on intelligence that had been received.

i will gladly recommend you to anyone in need of or looking for a good florist.
a
they are by far the best salon in 50 miles, trust me i know
kliotech
al qaeda has had anthrax, the raw seed product in its unweaponized form, since at least 1997, when it was purchased by bin laden through the moro islamic liberation front   moro front  or  milf  .
a company which provide good quality portals, ecommerce solutions, web based mmog ... etc
remember seeing  stop making sense  at cinema 21 multiple times
zawahiri, al qaeda s 2, is head of al qaeda s biochemical program.
yay, great theater
location has closed.
the cia has known of zawahiri s plans to use anthrax for a half decade.
the confidante and right  hand man of dr. ayman zawahiri admitted that zawahiri succeeded in obtaining anthrax and intended to use it against us targets.
another senior al qaeda member  a shura or policy  making council member no less  was working for the egyptian intelligence services and he confirmed the report in a sworn lengthy confession.
has moved to 4783 bay rd saginaw, michigan 48604  989  7551109
excellent service, close to the morse red line stop.
even zawahiri s attorney in 1999 said that bin laden and zawahiri were likely to resort to the biological and chemical agents they possessed given the extradition pressure senior al qaeda leaders faced.
great computer repair store, highly recommended.
excellent
answered all my questions, and called me back when i needed something.
highly recommended
rooms were outdated, dirty, and small.
service was horrible.
a recently released islamist who had been a close associate of zawahiri said that zawahiri spent a decade and had made 15 separate attempts to recruit the necessary expertise to weaponize anthrax in russia and the middle east.
go down1 block to super8.
great family fun and bonding
the us army recipe was not used, and obtaining the unprocessed ames strain of anthrax used does not warrant the weight given it by some press accounts.
what more can be said   burch s karate is the greatest
there was lax control over the distribution of the ames strain that was used, especially in light of the fact that transfers were not even required to be recorded prior to 1997.
not friendly, not helpful, overall poor customer service.
definitely not going to purchase a car from here.
very hard work from the boys in blue there
brilll.
significantly, the individual who isolated it nearly a quarter century ago  now retired , upon being contacted, does not even report that he necessarily sent the only copy of the strain to ft. detrick.
senator patrick leahy at a congressional hearing in the spring of 2002 noted that the fbi had collected the ames strain from 20 sources.
in fall 2004, msnbc, relying on an unnamed fbi spokesperson, reports that the fbi has narrowed the pool of labs known to have had ames that was a match from 16 to4 but can not rule out that it was made overseas.
al qaeda s anthrax production plans on khalid mohammed s computer did not evidence knowledge of advanced techniques in the most efficient biological weapons.
at least according to the public comments by bioweaponeer experts william patrick and kenneth alibek, under the optimal method, there is no electrostatic charge.
in the case of the anthrax used in the mailings, there was an electrostatic charge.
although there was a dominance of single spores and a trillion spore concentration, there were clumps as large as 40  100 microns.
spores must be no bigger than5 microns to be inhalable.
many point to the trillion spore concentration as extraordinary.
it is far simpler, however, to achieve a trillion spore concentration in the production of a few grams than in industrial processing typical of a state sponsored lab.
the  trillion spore  issue was at the heart of a lot of mistaken theories of the matter concluding that state sponsorship was necessarily indicated.
the reported finding at dugway undermines the argument of both the  bomb iraq  crowd and the liberals focused on dr. steve hatfill who object to us biodefense research because they view it as being useful for offensive purposes.
usda employee johnelle bryant first told us, in sensational detail, of atta s inquiries about purchasing and retrofitting a cropduster.
khalid mohammed then told interrogators that zacarias moussaoui s inquiries about crop dusting may have related to yazid sufaat s anthrax manufacturing plans.
although the details of the documents on mohammed s computer may  or may not  point to possible difficulties in aerial dispersal, they are fully consistent with the product used in the anthrax mailings.
al qaeda had both the means and opportunity.
us  trained malaysian biochemist yazid sufaat met with 911 plotters and two hijackers in january 2000.
sufaat was a member of al qaeda and a member of jemaah islamiah   ji  .
ji has ties with the moro front.
sufaat used his company called green laboratory medicine to buy items useful to al qaeda.
green symbolizes  islam  and prophet mohammed s holy war .
zacarias moussaoui, who had a crop dusting manual when he was arrested, stayed at sufaat s condominium in 2000 when he was trying to arrange for flight lessons in malaysia.
very hard work from the boys in blue there
you are the best
just received from your flower store.
yazid sufaat provided moussaoui with a letter indicating that he was a marketing representative for infocus technologies and allegedly provided him  35,000.
the crop dusters were to be part of a  second wave.
after 911, yazid sufaat traveled to afghanistan and pakistan to work for the taliban medical brigade and to continue his work with anthrax.
they are sooooo beautiful.
thank you guys.
as described in us news, a former reporter from the kabul times actually may have met sufaat, without realizing it, while traveling near kabul in october 2001, perceiving him as filipino.
aweesome
the fellow was carrying papers from zawahiri and bragging about his ability to manipulate anthrax.
holy cow was that a delicious meal.
hot, fresh, delicious.
loved every bit of it.
wrong information
sufaat was arrested in december 2001 upon his return to malaysia.
newsweek reported that a  second wave  involving biological attacks had been thwarted upon the arrest of al qaeda members who had been intended to provide logistical support.
the address is for noida location not for gurgaon location.
various doctors, both foreign and american, are associated with al qaeda leaders or operatives, to include the doctors abdul qadoos khan, a bacteriologist from rawalpindi and aafia siddiqui, phd, from karachi.
microbiologist abdul qadoos khan was charged along with his son, ahmed, for harboring the fugitives.
as of march 28, 2003, he was in a hospital for a cardiac problem and had been granted  prearrest bail.
please update this listing in you database.
beautiful hotel
yet all you read about at the time was the arrest of the son ahmed abdul qadoos, who receives a stipend from the un for being officially low  iq due to lead poisoning.
it was khalid mohammed who told authorities about aafia siddiqui, who has a phd from brandeis in neurology.
great service  high class
the pakistani press reported that she was nabbed in karachi after being spotted at the airport in late march or early april 2003.
shuttle available to a private beach area with food  drinks  towels.
great
i go disco dancing and cheerleading.
if mistaken, how did those reports first come about
it s fab
understandably, amerithrax is a confidential investigation.
the pakistan isi and cia rarely grant press interviews in connection with an ongoing manhunt.
the cia did not even allow the fbi access to ksm for 10 days after his arrest.
as agent van harp, then head of the amerithrax investigation said, the information coming from khalid mohammed is classified with the authorities releasing only certain limited information.
while it s not easy to separate fact from fiction, attorney general ashcroft and director mueller have publicly confirmed aafia is still being sought.
they would know.
her mother ismat last saw aafia and her grandchildren before they left in a minicab at the end of march.
so go and get dancing
aafia was on her way with her children to visit and uncle and a friend in islamabad.
by samantha fox
according to the pakistan reports, aafia siddiqui was detained after being spotted at karachi international airport  after she was followed to a relative s house .
great school
teachers good diverse student body  african  american, asian, ect.  equals kids staying here
karachi is in the south .
9.62 excluding tip with water to drink for the buffet.
the reports say she is suspected of having been a member of al qaeda s  chemical wire group.
the family s lawyer advises me that aafia did not have enough money to pay for airfare tickets for herself and the kids and called ismat from the train station.
worst buffet period by far.
that was the last ismat heard from her.
aafia never reached the uncle s house.
i want my money back
they did a vehicle wrap for my toyota venza that looks amazing.
perhaps something got lost in the translation, but the phrase  chemical wire group  has appeared in all the english pakistan and india papers.
they also do banners, billboards and lots more.
the family s attorney advises me that aafia had no knowledge of chemicals  and that would not appear to be her training .
there still is a very hot pursuit of the  atta  level  floridian, adnan el shukrijumah, who siddiqui is thought to have known and been assisting.
his nickname is  jafar the pilot.
a senior doj official reports that adnan has experience as a commercial pilot.
this is the best mediterranean restaurant in the west valley, i have friend who drive from central phx to come here.
the best pizza ever i m fat so i ve had a ton of pizza other than pizza from chicago it s the best
wonderful service.
i have used them once and will use them in the future.
he is said by one fbi agent to be  very, very, very  dangerous.
beautiful work, fast shipping and great communication.
he allegedly was at one or more meetings in the summer of 2001 in pakistan at which ksm and sufaat were present.
they are out of business.
nice people ... i hear.
he may have been seen in hamilton, canada  along with egyptian al  maati, who apparently also has received pilot training.
the united states truly no longer has time for faulty analysis or politically  based preconceptions.
in early june 2003, a cia report concluded that the reason for atta s and zacarias moussaoui s inquiries into cropdusters was in fact for the contemplated use in dispersing biological agents such as anthrax.
calls are now forwarded to malcolm smith motorsports down the road.
it has long been known osama bin laden was interested in using cropdusters to disperse biological agents  since the testimony of millennium bomber ahmed ressam .
the hijacker ahmed alhaznawi appears to have contracted cutaneous anthrax in afghanistan.
it is reasonable to credit his statement that he got the lesion after bumping into a suitcase he was carrying at a camp in afghanistan.
the lesion is further evidence of al qaeda s anthrax production program at kandahar.
professional
good job very professional.
the present evidence relating to atta s alleged travel to prague does not warrant a conclusion that al qaeda obtained the ames strain from iraq.
it made me feel good to see people work so hard to take care of others belongings.
iraq, however, remains a possible source of the ames.
not a clothing store
former russian bioweaponeer ken alibek has said that a key russian scientist assisted iraq and that russia had the ames strain.
be more careful when you write reviews  this is an accounting group, not hollister the clothing store.
favorite restaurant
best yellow curry that i have ever tasted.
staff is super friendly and very attentive.
his conclusion may have been based on the fake mobile biolab plans foisted upon the us by the chalabi associate  curveball , which alibek divined to be identical to russian mobile lab design .
price is also very reasonable.
zawahiri did travel to baghdad in 1998 with an entourage to attend the birthday party of saddam s son.
the papers found at headquarters of the mukhabarat, iraq s secret police, show that an entourage from al qaeda group was sent to the iraqi capital in march 1998 from sudan.
great service
a very well established service with a satisfying outcome.
a well communicated and will be hireing again for another projects ......
thanks
i heard the libido band play live and they are out of site
i will be calling tropics for my companie s next event
a good cut
cecile is a hairdresser and has just moved into the neighbourhood.
i go to see her to have my hair cut.
according to at least some reports, bin laden rejected the suggestion of a closer alliance  preferring to pursue his own concept of jihad.
clean rooms, great for the price and cheapest on the exit.
the front desk staff was very pleasant and efficient.
two top iraqi scientists, code named charlie and alpha, are helping the coalition to learn more about iraqi s anthrax program, according to dr. david kay, head of the iraq survey group in charge of the hunt for wmd.
he has said that the iraqis made surprising innovations in the milling and drying processes needed to weaponize anthrax.
the media coverage has been seriously confused on the issue of motive and the reason senators daschle and leahy would have been targeted  tending to simplistically view them as  liberals.
serves free breakfast
zawahiri likely targeted senators daschle and leahy to receive anthrax letters, in addition to various media outlets, because of the appropriations made pursuant to the  leahy law  to military and security forces.
buyer beware
that money has prevented the militant islamists from achieving their goals.
rusted out and unsafe cars sold here
al qaeda members and sympathizers feel that the fbi s involvement in countries like egypt, saudi arabia, pakistan, indonesia, and the philippines interferes with the sovereignty of those countries.
have a real mechanic check before you buy
save money and go somewhere else
great place for embroidery.
service was friendly and very fast.
according to a post she made on the internet, aafia siddiqui expressed the same sentiment in connection with us appropriations sought in exchange for the extradition of wtc 1993 plotter ramzi yousef from pakistan.
i purchased four gift items there and had them all embroidered within a week.
senator leahy was chairman of both the judiciary committee overseeing the fbi and appropriations subcommittee in charge of foreign aid to these countries.
they have good sushi for a good price.
my favorite so far in bellevue.
store is on the small side and atmosphere is just average.
it s now called sushi lover.
food is just okay .. wo nt crave it, but would nt mind coming back for a quick meal.
good food and very friendly staff.
very good with my5 year old daughter.
interesting good value wine list to.
in late september 2001, it was announced that the president was seeking a blanket waiver that would lift all restrictions on aid to military and security units in connection with pursuing the militant islamists.
beer a bit expensive.
this extradition and imprisonment of al qaeda leaders, along with us support for israel and the mubarak government in egypt, remains foremost in the mind of dr. zawahiri.
brain dead
at the height of the development of his biological weapons program, his brother was extradited pursuant to a death sentence in the  albanian returnees  case  now he faces retrial .
not only are these people completely inefficient and ineffective, but they just do nt give a darn.
it s hard to keep up with the stories about billion dollar appropriations, debt forgiveness, and loan guarantees to countries like egypt and israel and now even pakistan.
those appropriations pale in comparison to the many tens of billions in appropriations relating to the invasion of iraq.
al qaeda had a motive in mind.
in his fall 2001 book titled knights under the banner of the prophet, zawahiri argued that the secular press was telling  lies  about the militant islamists  to include the suggestion that the militant islamists were somehow the creation of the united states in connection with expelling the russians from afghanistan.
zawahiri argued instead that they have been active since the assassination of anwar sadat in egypt because of the camp david accord and the resulting peace treaty between egypt and israel.
the anthrax letters were sent on the date of the camp david accord and then the date anwar sadat was assassinated as if to underscore the point to anyone paying attention.
this place is a complete embarrassment.
my favorite place to eat.
the atmosphere is the best .. italian music, candles, helpful and friendly staff ... and the food is beautiful too
most of the  talking heads  on television, however, knew only that daschle and leahy were liberal democrats and did not know anything of al qaeda beyond what they read in the us newspapers.
excellent piano lessons
the fbi s profile includes a us  based supporter of the militant islamists.
i m very happy with the piano lessons mrs. lynda mcmanus taught me.
attorney general ashcroft explained that an  either  or  approach is not useful.
now i m able to play the piano pretty well.
the media has tended to overlook the fact that when the fbi uses the word  domestic  the word includes a us  based, highly  educated supporter of the militant islamists.
excellent pizza
there is an emerging consensus that anthrax was contained in a letter to ami, the publisher of the national enquirer  in a goofy love letter to jennifer lopez enclosing a star of david and proposing marriage.
it s the only pizza place i recommend in woodland hills.
yum.
my wife and kids ca nt get enough.
a report by the center for disease control of interviews with ami employees  as well as detailed interviews by author leonard cole  supports the conclusion that there were not one, but two, such mailings containing anthrax.
highly recommended.
the letters were to different ami publications  one to the national enquirer and another to the sun .
worst place flour tortillas are always hard the beef enchiladas are discussing meat all over cooked was good many yrs ago but restaurant has gone down hill
news assistant bobby bender recalls the letter containing the items to have been addressed to the sun.
i m really surprised by the negative reviews.
this tactic of letters is not merely the modus operandi of these militant islamists inspired by zawahiri, it is their signature.
we ve had about5 repairs done on3 different laptops.
they ve always been timely and inexpensive.
awsome
the islamists sent letter bombs in january 1997 to newspaper offices in new york city and washington, d.c..
great food cheap
they were sent in connection with the earlier bombing of the world trade center and the imprisonment of the blind sheik, sheik abdel rahman.
the former leader of the egyptian al  gamaa al  islamiya   islamic group  , he was also a spiritual leader of al qaeda.
every thing here is good.
fish tacos are my fave simple and filling highly recommend mi pueblo.
gets busy so come early
good local bike shop
good local bike shop.
jason and the boys can do about anything you need.
the shop is located just off the river road.
best pizzas and calzones in the city
what a hidden gem
the food is superb and they were delivered nice and hot
i highly recommend this place
the letter bombs were sent in connection with the treatment of the egyptian islamists imprisoned for the earlier attack on the wtc and a related plot.
the purpose of the letter bombs  which resulted in minimal casualty  was to send a message.
this place is clean and well run with great people.
there initially was an outstanding 2 million reward  under the rewards for justice program, the reward now is up to 5 million. .
the food is fresh and taste great.
there was no claim of responsibility.
there was no explanation.
great value and service.
we will be back again and again
once one had been received, the next ten, mailed on two separate dates, were easily collected.
great service and hairstyles that last.
i am pleased with the service that i get at luxe.
sound familiar
two bombs were also sent to leavenworth, where a key wtc 1993 defendant was imprisoned, addressed to  parole officer.
the position does not exist .
abdel rahman s son was captured in quetta, pakistan in midfebruary 2003.
that arrest in turn led to the dramatic capture of khalid mohammed, al qaeda s 3.
mohammed allegedly was hiding in the home of the pakistani bacteriologist dr. abdul qadoos khan.
along with zawahiri, abdel rahman and his two sons have had considerable influence over bin laden.
he reportedly treated them like sons.
although while in jail in the early 1980s, zawahiri caused considerable tension by challenging the blind sheik s ability to lead a coalition of the egyptian islamic jihad and the egyptian islamic group, zawahiri and obl are rahman s friends.
the imprisoned wtc 1993 plotter yousef was ksm s nephew.
thus, the leaders in charge of al qaeda s anthrax production program had a close connection to those imprisoned in connection with the earlier bombing of the world trade center.
according to the controversial  feith memo,  which summarized purported intelligence showing an iraqi  al qaeda connection, osama bin laden had asked iraqi intelligence for technical assistance in sending letter bombs a half year before the al hayat letters were sent.
just because al qaeda likes its truck bombs and the like to be effective does not mean they do not see the value in a deadly missive.
as brian jenkins once said,  terrorism is theater.
a sender purporting to be islamist sent cyanide in both early 2002 and early 2003 in new zealand and ingredients of nerve gas in belgium in 2003.
there s even a chapter titled  poisonous letter  in the al qaeda manual.
the staff is very pleasant and my hair is always fresh.
nice teachers good school
the  federal eagle  stamp used in the anthrax mailings was a blue  green.
they are very good teachers and nice people to meet here.
it was widely published among the militant islamists that martyrs go to paradise  in the hearts of green birds.
i enjoyed very much to study here.
in the very interview in which they admitted 911, and described the codes used for the four targets for the planes, the masterminds admitted to the jenny code, the code for representing the date 911, and used the symbolism of the  green birds.
a good place to improve your english
osama bin laden later invoked the symbolism in his video  the 19 martyrs.
great neighborhood hangout
great place to catch a band or catch up with friends.
a faq on the azzam publications website explained that  in the hearts of green birds  refers to what is inside.
the mailer s use of  greendale school  as the return address for the letters to the senators is also revealing.
a may 2001 letter that zawahiri sent to egyptian islamic jihad members abroad establish that zawahiri used  school  as a code word for the egyptian militant islamists in his correspondence.
green symbolizes islam and was the prophet mohammed s color.
by greendale school, the anthrax perp was being cute, just as yazid sufaat was being cute in naming his lab green laboratory medicine.
dale  means  river valley.
greendale likely refers to green river valley  i.e., cairo s egyptian islamic jihad or the islamic group.
the sender probably is announcing that he is of either egyptian islamic jihad, egyptian islamic group or jihad  al qaeda, which is actually the full name of the group after the merger of the egyptian islamic jihad and al qaeda.
at the darunta complex where jihadis trained, recruits would wear green uniforms, except for friday when they were washed.
in a hadith the messenger of allah explains that the souls of the martyrs are in the hearts of green birds that fly wherever they please in the paradise.
as to opportunity, though seldom reported, there is a wealth of  open source  information about possible al qaeda or egyptian islamic jihad or egyptian islamic group in the united states and canada.
the public information mostly relates to those suspected sleepers who have been detained or who are at large and are being sought.
zawahiri s mission in the united states in 1995 was to do spadework for terrorism, not fundraising for charitable causes.
he traveled under an alias and was accompanied by a former us army sergeant named ali mohammed.
what mosques exactly did they visit and who did they meet
ice cold beer and good prices.
whatever your political persuasion, the fbi and cia deserve our support.
kitchen puts out good food and has daily specials.
we are, after all, in this together.
poor service
after firing this company my next pool service found the filters had not been cleaned as they should have been.
i would recommend not using this company.
buyer beware
do not use these guys.
they ll tell you one thing then  5,000 later do another.
lied right to my face then denied it.
run away.
great service
i had a dead battery last week and called this company since they were the closest they had very quick service for a monday morning, thanks again guys.
i won a golf lesson certificate with adz through a charity auction.
first, the nature of such an investigation is that we lack sufficient information to second  guess  or even know  what the fbi is doing.
the lesson was donated by the teacher adz.
media reports are a poor approximation of reality because of the lack of good sources.
so i booked the lesson and loved it.
great teacher.
servers
second, hindsight is 20  20.
when my server crashed, greg worked from7 pm until4 am and had my company up and running the next morning.
third, with the  new age  efrem zimbalist, jr. in charge of the investigation, it is not likely we could do better in striking the appropriate balance between due process and national security.
that s what i call customer service
it s fine for ...
finally, the  hatfill theory  seems to have been exhausted or at least lost public favor.
it s fine for mass  market chocolate, but with companies like scharffen berger, tcho, and smaller artisan chocolate makers in the area, why
the  hatfill theory  accusing dr. stephen hatfill was always highly dubious.
rip off
45 p for tap water
ridiculous
the suspicion was founded on many false premises, and there was no reliable publicly known evidence indicating his guilt.
the fbi s fixation on hatfill  at least as rumored by some reporters  may have stemmed from a warning by one senator that careers hung in the balance.
do nt think i ve ever been charged before.
oh, and salad cream, not mayonnaise, on the coleslaw.
leahy s chief of staff apparently started with the strong predisposition that some right  winger was involved because two liberal democrats had been targeted.
avoid
the hatfill theory  to include ongoing interviews and ongoing7  24 surveillance by8 surveillance specialists  is now the subject of pending civil rights and libel claims of uncertain merit.
slice pizza at former britt s location
a suit against the new york times and columnist nicholas kristof was dismissed in late november 2004.
the judge had agreed to delay the civil rights matter from proceeding until at least october 2004.
the judge, frustrated by the apparent lack of progress, encouraged that the parties reach a negotiated compromise that would permit some limited discovery to proceed  and the judge has directed that the government to file an answer to the complaint .
the hatfill theory ironically might best be understood as an al qaeda theory, with a coincidental malaysian connection adding to the other circumstances.
given the regrettable leaks that he was under suspicion, it is only fair that the fbi leak with equal enthusiasm the fact that dr. hatfill has now been dropped as a suspect if and when that proves to be the case.
a search of dr. ken berry s residences likely will prove just about the last gasp of a biodefense insider theory.
senior officials have been quoted in the press as saying that the searches were for the purpose of excluding him as much as including him.
maureen,
andre is going to look over the list of curves needed for the global assets  august board meeting  one more time before i forward it to you.
britt s pizza is long gone.
he will make sure that we do not request fx and inflation  cpi, ppi, etc.  curves when only one of the curves will actually be used in the valuation process and to determine which inflation index is needed.
their location, the northwest corner of s. 10th  federal sts., is now home to slice pizza.
veryyyy  veryyy  good auto repair men.
typically, we receive both fx and inflation from you, but both curves may not always be used.
i hope that we can give you some time savings by eliminating any nonessential requests.
do the job honest and quickly as possible.
for now, this is the list of countries for which we will probably need the fx and  or inflation curves.
would 100  recomend to others for a great service.
i will send the specifics per andre later today.
thank you barry s auto tech
india
philippines
bolivia
a great help
jamaica
ashdown horse transport were fantastic
guatemala
very friendly and alway contactable even at weekends.
venezuela
i would hesitate to recommend anyone.
columbia
thanks again nina.
puerto rico cpi only  i need historical inflation data, as well
ps. love the new website
miami s best tutoring service
my son was able to advance a full two grades within9 months
a wonderful tutoring service for students needing help with elementary  middle school work.
food  very good for a midnight meal that is nt fast food.
service  the workers are usually pleasant.
atmosphere is always fun, the assortment of customers adds entertainment to the meal
awesome place
it was worth of the ride more than an hour ...
i had so many strawberries right on the field ... strongly recomend ... do nt forget to try their great ice cream
wrong location
this is not where the blue water bridge duty free is located.
it is, surprisingly, near the blue water bridges, some miles to the west of this location.
such a great idea this was, so easy to load and pack, no ramp, no step up no back aches.
moving with a pod was the best moving experience i have had.
totally flavored
the statement about  best hamburguers in town  can be even amplifiaed to  best hamburguers in world  totally worth, juicy, big, fresh, and excellent customer service
best cigar lounge on the blouvard.
encino has been blessed by the opening of this smoke shop most definately.
if you mention the name amir you will receive  10 off at time of purchase
doctor hank is amazing
our family has been trusting doctor hank with our teeth for the last seven years.
i would nt go to anyone else.
everyone on staff is very professional and friendly.
stayed in the seaview room here in december 2009
wow what stunning views.
the furnishing and finishes are great.
i highly recommend bay view if you are looking for accommodation in camps bay.
surprisingly, this little strip mall restaurant has the best sushi i ve found in the tampa area.
it s fresh and really tasty.
i ll drive an hour just for their volcano, yum
fantastic nova scotia cottage
we had a fantastic time.
such a relaxing atmosphere and inspiring architecture.
sand hill park was a great beach ...
nice warm water.
thank  you for sharing your cottage
great lunch specials.
delivery is lightning fast.
perfect since i m on a budget.
but otherwise, it can feel pricey for what you get.
like the sushi, do nt like the pad thai.
holly  the owner, knows exactly how to make you feel beautiful in clothes.
stylish and contemporary, no matter your size or personality type.
she s an a  and so are her clothes
panama
very poor customer service.
brazil we have current data already
there are a couple decent people working there, but the rest are very dishonest, as well as rude, i have yet to hear the truth come out of their mouths.
give them a try
china we have current data already
euro inflation only
i am not certain about the needs for the london underwriting  iv group but will request the information from them if you have not done so already.
thanks
cindy
david and cindy,
please send us the list of the curves that you will need to revalue our international assets for the august board meeting.
thanks,
maureen
the pizzas are huge and super delicious.
philip,
they re our favorite pizza place to order from ... and they re a local, family owned company
i have to decline the invitation with regrets.
how much better does it get
i have too many commitments right now.
i loved the atmosphere here and the food is good, however the tables are so close together that it feels very cramped.
vince kaminski
dear vince
just a quick message to follow up on the email that i sent you recently inviting you to speak at our forthcoming congress, risk 2001 australia, which is taking place in sydney on 20  21 august 2001.
we were made to feel very welcome.
have you had an opportunity to consider the invitation yet
well worth a visit.
httpcambridgefoodfrivolity.blogspot.com
we are aiming to have the programme printed next week, so i would really need to know as soon as possible if you would be available to speak at this year s congress.
great service
dr mcdonald is wonderful.
i am working from our hong kong office for this week only  tel  852 2545 2710 , and i can be contacted by phone there or by email.
she answers all questions asked and provides the best service i have ever seen.
kind regards.
philip
i have a new born daughter and she helped me with a lot.
good job dr.
called to check if they had a product i ve been using on my dog for years ... the boy who answered the phone could nt possibly have been ruder to me.
philip annesley conference producer risk waters group 44 20 7484 9866 44 20 7484 9800 www.riskconferences.comrisk2001aus
i will never come here again.
i am a new patient.
beth has made our reservations for the round table friday night  518  at sullivan s steak house for 630.
i have visited dr. cooper s office twice and i am very impressed with how friendly and polite the staff is.
see you all there  this is ling overdue
i found the office to be very clean and professional  looking.
paula
want a great burger
paula,
the smokehouse ca nt be beat anywhere.
thanks a lot.
will you drive on that day
vince
beth has made our reservations for the round table friday night  518  at sullivan s steak house for 630.
see you all there  this is ling overdue
paula
fyi
salad bar is hit and miss for freshness  sometimes the broccoli looks browned around the edges.
vince
never a bad smokehouse burger though
anne, mike will call you regarding sarah.
i crave those.
vince,
natasha is the best photographer we have ever worked with.
she has a great way with children and is able to capture their personality as well as many spontaneous images.
as i mentioned in my voice mail, mike roberts going to hire sara woody, a recent mba grad from rice, into his group.
you will not be disappointed with her work
ray s pizza  my favorite
ray s pizza is just too good.
i wish i could have a slice for every single meal.
however, when we were talking about this position, mike compared sara to elena.
luckily i live very close, so i can abuse it during week  ends ...
elena s title is admin coordinator, and i know that sara should not have this title, and honestly do not think that elena should also.
caldwell insurance has been doing our insurance for a couple years now and they have been extremely thorough.
admin coordinators do primarily administrative work.
we ve only had one urgent issue to deal with and they were very prompt in their response.
highly recommend
i suggest that you compare elena and sarah s duties  level to other sr. spec. in your group such as kenneth parkhill and sevil to determine if they are equivalent, or if their scope of responsibilities and experience is not as broad.
lovely cottage
if the latter is the case, we could place both sara and elena in a specialist job group  the salary range is 33  66 k .
this cottage is a charming homely, friendly, place to stay.
please advise.
mary is an excellent host who does yummy breakfasts.
thanks,
my room was delightful and the attention to detail was amazing.
anne
will come again
clayton,
thanks a lot.
sophie.
i appreciate all your help.
vince
vince
good news.
martin s box is working wonderfully  i ll have everything transferred to it and give him the keys by friday.
this was  another  nice deal for enron.
we save  21,000 in real money this way, the cash refund sun is giving enron for our other server, using a box that was nt being used by anyone.
i m happy about this.
clayton
iris,
congratulations.
anne, please, include this info in iris  file
cheap hotel rome  thanks for all your help
cheap hotel rome  thanks for finding us a hotel at the last minute.
vince
michael
we had a great stay, your service was excellent and we will use you again
thanks for putting the paperwork together.
the best photographer in miami
i would have interest in meeting if you can present unique investment opportunities that i do nt have access to now.
i was soooo lucky to have used marlon s photography services .... such a creative and talented photographer and a pleasure to work with.
most of my contact with financial advisors in the past has consisted of them suggesting a mutual fund, telling me to invest in home depot, sun, and coke, or trying to pass off their banks  biased research reports as something valuable.
the images turned out amazing.
the above services provide no value to me personally.
i definitely recommend him
great meal
happened on to this place while out of town on business, and it was great
if you can present opportunities such as access to private equity or hedge funds, or other ideas with strong growth potential and low correlation to the sp, i d listen.
the food was excellent and the service was terrific.
john
john
it is a cloth napkin kind of place, but i thought well worth it.
we ll get the paperwork together and sent to you for naked options.
friendly efficient and overall great place for people in chronic intractable pain
at some point, i d like to talk about the diversification strategy in more detail  perhaps over dinner or a quick meeting after the markets close
great place for people in chronic pain.
staff is very friendly they treat you like a human being and not just another patient.
very efficient at treating chronic pain
michael gapinski account vice president emery financial group painewebber, inc. 7136540365 8005533119 x365 fax  7136541281 cell  2814350295
the best company in phuket for creating website and ecommerce website.
michael
from first meeting with them to launch of my website, everything went smooth and on schedule.
appreciate the idea.
however, with my natural long, i m not looking to really trade around the position.
highly recommended for who wants to have website.
i believe ene will continue to be range bound, but in case it is not, i do nt want to forgo 50  of my option premium.
great with seo as well.
great place to use the fix appliances plumbing air conditioning  electric problems.
i have price targets of where i would like to lighten up exposure to ene and will use calls to implement the stategy.
we have used them for plumbing  a  c and they are affordable and get the work done right.
to that regards, i noticed i was not approved to sell naked calls.
great place5 stars for sure.
i would like that ability in order to hedge some exposure i have of unexercised vested options.
thanks from bill
please look into that for me.
i used birdies for our annual walk against drugs and alcohol event.
john.
they were very professional, neat and clean.
john
i was looking at the recent pullback in ene and thinking it might be an opportunity to buy back the calls you sold.
they came through on all of their promises and we had a very successful day.
i will be using bridies again.
of course, you would then be in a position to sell calls again if the stock makes a bounce.
one of a few.
i m not sure that ene  75 is the place, but maybe  73.
call me if you re interested.
michael gapinski account vice president emery financial group painewebber, inc. 7136540365 8005533119 x365 fax  7136541281 cell  2814350295
notice regarding entry of orders and instructions  please do not transmit orders and  or instructions regarding your painewebber account  s  by email.
orders and  or instructions transmitted by email will not be accepted by painewebber and painewebber will not be responsible for carrying out such orders and  or instructions.
notice regarding privacy and confidentiality  painewebber reserves the right to monitor and review the content of all email communications sent and  or received by its employees.
notice regarding entry of orders and instructions  please do not transmit orders and  or instructions regarding your painewebber account  s  by email.
orders and  or instructions transmitted by email will not be accepted by painewebber and painewebber will not be responsible for carrying out such orders and  or instructions.
notice regarding privacy and confidentiality  painewebber reserves the right to monitor and review the content of all email communications sent and  or received by its employees.
notice regarding entry of orders and instructions  please do not transmit orders and  or instructions regarding your painewebber account  s  by email.
hancocks is one of four fabric stores in fort smith.
orders and  or instructions transmitted by email will not be accepted by painewebber and painewebber will not be responsible for carrying out such orders and  or instructions.
we have hobby lobby, just for fun fabrics, walmart, and interior mall just inside barling.
notice regarding privacy and confidentiality  painewebber reserves the right to monitor and review the content of all email communications sent and  or received by its employees.
they do have a good selection of fabric and notions.
who cares
it was ok, nice management, they let us check in early, but the place was old.
please note that effective immediately my email address has changed to sean.cooperelpaso.com
he just rescheduled to wednesday.
it was clean, but just a little dumpy.
how about dinner on wednesday after that
lots of room for big rig parking.
hard to get into though because of road construction.
your buddy beau invited me.
how about prior to that or after that on tuesday.
not really ...
i ll admit i was nt expecting much from this place, but they really did do a good job.
already have plans on thursday.
the chicken cordon  blu was tasty and came in a huge portion size for the money.
are you going to the nymex candidate cocktail hour tuesday
service was a touch slow, but friendly.
oh god is there an agenda.
find another place
would dinner thursday work instead.
run down.
not really ...
already have plans on thursday.
are you going to the nymex candidate cocktail hour tuesday
oh god is there an agenda.
wednesday does nt work for me.
how about tuesdays at 330 houston time.
i completely agree.
i would like to have a meeting once a week for1 2 hours with all6 of us just to make sure we are moving forward and to get an update and anything and everything.
my only concern is that we take the boys away from their overwhelming task.
what do you guys think.
john
ok.
i will have to move my weekly meeting to tuesday.
mondays starting next week at4
wednesday does nt work for me.
how about tuesdays at 330 houston time.
i completely agree.
i would like to have a meeting once a week for1 2 hours with all6 of us just to make sure we are moving forward and to get an update and anything and everything.
my only concern is that we take the boys away from their overwhelming task.
dark, dark main room.
no way to read  relax.
what do you guys think.
electric  blanket on one bed did not heat.
john
quite cold.
removing 90  of  sit  abouts  in main room would look cleaner.
recommended
excellent location.
good sports bar.
hyatt web site improved.
not yet.
accurate check  out.
rooms clean.
did you happen to sign your employment agreement
please respond to request below.
thanks.
lifts quick, clean, accurate, and correctly sized.
john lavorato has requested the attached report.
he is concerned about the allocation amongst categories  in particular, real time traders.
choose this hotel over the hilton  which is on the next block .
if you would, please review the entire list and let me know if you are in agreement with the presentation by tomorrow evening, if possible.
i m at x if you have any questions.
summary  not cheep, but very fast, and super friendly service.
thanks
i understand all of those comparisons, however, the reality is if we lose dean  which we will if we do nt pay 65 k  10 k , we will end up hiring a replacement at 75  80 k.
this is pretty easy math for me.
i know it seems like a stretch, but the market for hourly traders is very strong right now.
i would like to get this done asap.
quality of work is sufficient but not outstanding.
thanks.
like all oil place changes, ask  recommend the 100 other services they have.
will be a repeat customer with discount coupons.
i am reviewing the request for an employment agreement renewal on mark dean laurent.
criminal defense lawyer
mr. villega is an exceptional california criminal defense lawyer.
juan communicated some numbers to me and when reviewing this request would like to ask you to consider the following
current salary   47,500
he cross examined witnesses relentlessly and had them break down and tell the truth.
job group  specialist
if you want an attorney who will defend your right, contact law offices of armando villega
ye prc rating  satisfactory
original proposition
checked in real late, but staff was very kind and helpful.
rooms very clean and smelled very fresh.
base salary 65 k
1 year agreement
5,000 signing
revised proposal
i would recommend this hotel to anyone.
base salary  55 k
i loved my stay here and if ever back in the area, i will be staying here again.
1 year agreement
5,000 signing
thanks for following me around the store
enough said.
i do nt steal, i was nt acting suspiciously.
business case  if we offered dean 55 k or 60 k it would still constitute a over a  10,000 increase  approximately 25   and taking into consideration he was rated as satisfactory at the specialist level.
also, the top of the salary range for a specialist is 66 k.
i was ready to buy a new jacket, a new sweater and a couple of your overpriced belts and i walked out because of your obvious lurking
it would still give him room to progress in the current job group should he not be promoted.
best meat pies in canada
if you are looking for authentic british meat pies, then look know further.
secondly, he will still out price performers that you have in the same job group that are excellent and strong performers respectively eg. paul thomas, jason choate, todd decook and peter makkai.
i especially like the chicken curry pie.
salary listing in job group
good food.
maria valdes superior  62,500
the owner  baker,  pie guy  is a hoot to deal with as well.
paul thomas excellent  55,008
mo
jason choate excellent  60,008
fantastic fresh food
todd decook strong  42,008
what a neat gem of a restaurant in a corner one would nt expect it.
peter makkai strong  47,500
let me know your thoughts .... then i will run it by oxley.
cozy, warm atmosphere, great service.
are we going to attend
transmission expansion and systems in transition conference feb.5 8, 2002, miami, florida
most importantly, the food was outstanding.
overview
it clearly had been prepared from fresh ingredients.
we ll be back often.
this conference will examine the business and regulatory challenges to u.s. electric systems in transition in effectively expanding transmission capacity to meet new demands in the larger and more competitive regional markets emerging under ferc s rto initiatives.
thanks for a great job
the conference will review the parameters of these challenges and possible solutions to them.
thanks for the prompt service and great job you and your boys have done on our new solar system, the panels on the roof look great and the power we are putting back in to the grid is great, great job thanks
it will examine technology options and new business models for transmission expansion.
impressive truly impressive
it will analyze emerging proposals for effective transmission planning and pricing, including market  based pricing alternatives to ferc s traditional pricing methods.
the first time i walked in there with my teacup chihuahua puppy i knew i d be here a lot.
pets discount has lovely employees, a wonderful grooming service, and everything i need to keep my dog in tip top condition
excellent service
i am so glad that we now have a good nail shop on san mateo avenue
no more having to drive to san francisco for a great mani pedi.
both tina and vicky are excellent.
i will definitely refer my friends and family
great  p
you get a really good view of the city and there is also attractions like simulator, short movies.
try the 360 restraunt u spin in the cn tower with a beautiful view the sky pod elevator is about an hour line up in the summer
great store great service
this store is great
i love walking in and not being hassled.
i was there when they did a free raffle in august and i won a hard drive
the reason i go back is because the employees are sooooo nice.
horrible customer service.
i came in to get a nice gift for my wife.
the one guy who was there, i m guessing was the owner, was probably the least helpful person i ve ever met.
but thankfully there are other flowers shops around norman.
the conference will also discuss what it will take in legislative action and regulatory initiative to achieve an efficient regime for ensuring that the nation has a reliable grid and regional trading system.
the brochure for the conference and associated workshops can be obtained by clicking on the link below   httpwww.euci.compdftransexpn.pdf   httpwww.euci.compdftransexpn.pdf
electricity market design conference march 25  26, 2002, atlanta, georgia
pure beauty
i need to check something in 969 s 2000 tax return.
what a joy to stroll off historic canyon road in santa fe into a gallery with a gorgeous diversity of art.
who has the 2000 tax return file for 969
destiny allison s metal sculptures were my favorite.
essie
the owner karla is welcoming and fun.
sonya city
give yourself the gift of visiting winterowd fine art
great place
07302001 0517 pm
embedded picture  device independent bitmap
i think that this is for you since i do nt know any of these people.
who  enron
what  happy hour for john suarez
when  today at5 pm
where  the front porch 217 gray st.  713  5719571
why  today is john s last day at ebs.
this is one of my favorite places to eat for lunch.
this is not an enron  sponsored event.
they offer a good portions at a great price, it s enough food to fill you up, but you do nt ever feel like you ate too much.
how do you feel about taking on another company
plus, it s super healthy
barb does an amazing job, she is always learning new things on how to use her hands and body, to give every person an awesome massage, call today and schedule you must see her, you will fall in love she is the best of the best
if you want cheaply made glass from india and china, this is not your place.
these people only carry the very best american blown glass.
their selection is top notch and the staff is very knowledgable.
go to the looking glass for all your smoking needs
essie and leon have proposed xferring co. 1691 to your world  see below .
chuck and gretchen were very positive, and when alan s refused to work on my bike, chuck came right out and saw the problem and did what alan s mechanic would nt do.
do you concur
he worked on it right on the back of my car.
please let me know monday morning.
i am extremely pleased
regards,
vicsandra
quick and cheap
if you have not already made these decisions, essie s guidance should be helpful.
walked in and was out ta there in 10 mins with a really good deal i thought i was going to be paying a lot because i had a dui but with my dui and sr  22 they were able to get me the best deal out there.
patty lee corporate tax x35172 eb 1774
is not a service office
please see my comments in red below.
this is a delivery office only and does not take walk ins but they do have a blue box out front.
essie
essie,
glad i called before i arrived with my box to ship.
thought adding a comment would save someone the hassle with a useless trip there.
can you recommend where these companies each fit within the new organization
if possible, can you also give an indication of the rank 1 through5
thanks,
patty
i have a few entities that may need to change groups or be assigned to a group.
18t  ei indonesia operations llc
the food is mediocre at best.
this entity is not in tis, sap, nor hyperion.
the waitress took my name and then called me that all night.
not sure how i feel about that one.
the 2000 tax return has no income, assets, or liabilities.
it s passable as a pub, but the pizza is not that great.
if you want good pizza, go to famoso.
there is a corporate data sheet for this company, but this entity seems to have been inactive since it s creation.
seriously.
86m  enron net works llc
despite the name, this entity appears to be a mtm company.
anyone else find it a little suspicious that there are not only 20 reviews for this dentist  a huge number compared to the others in the area , but that they all have the same unique grammar structure
per september financials, this company has about 3 m of mtm and about 8 k of expenses, nothing else.
and they seem to be posted at fairly regular intervals
the next5 companies were my responsibility while in ebs, and did not get assigned during the reorg.
best yet
we go to japaneiro s all the time and we have never been disappointed
80y  enron broadband acquisition, inc.
this entity was created in 2000 for the acquistion of warpspeed communications  now enron warpspeed services, inc. 83n , and then dissolved upon completion of merger.
wait staff is always ready to help if you ca nt decide  which happens every time for me d  t the huge menu of rolls  and always courteous
company is around with a small amount of assets and liabilities, but no is items.
soooo tasty
83n is my responsibility.
good honest wrok
i think this entity should stay with 83n.
harlan provides great service.
so i suggest it be assigned to leon.
he is very knowledgeable and took the time to explain the repairs to me.
it should be4  easy.
the work on my car was done quickly and i felt i could trust his work.
i have nothing but fantastic things to say.
i highly recommend his shop.
1579  ebs network co. division of 17h.
best in memphis
this one should possibly be assigned to networks  services group.
not currently on our list of companies.
this shop is by far the best i have been to.
i think this could go to either holding  administrative companies  same as 17h  or network  services  leon .
i have a saab ... which everything is expensive on and they have been extrememly fair and price a lot lower than any other shop i called.
4  easy.
they are the only place i would take my car peiod.
1691  epi  ebs europe
took a laptop in for a video cable to be replaced.
set up last month to centralize merchant asset activities.
everything except the display worked fine before i took it in.
broke out the activities of 1179.
the video cable was replaced and suddenly the motherboard was dead.
a similar entity  1179  was assigned to commodity and trade  todd richards and mary fischer  so this one should be assigned to them as well.
phone calls were nt returned when promised and the botched repair took a week longer than promised.
4  easy.
we have stayed at tanglewood for many years now.
1307  ebic  apache, llc
we go over about5 times a year.
we have never had a problem with the cabins.
rolls up to cherokee finance vof, a cfc.
they are always so helpful.
cherokee finance vof is assigned to north america  glen walloch and kevin walker .
the cabins have always been clean.
maybe this one should also go to them as the only tax which may have to be provided would be foreign tax.
helen is a wonderful place to take you family.
4  easy.
we recommend these cabins
1689  epi  ebs ventures, llc
ca nt say enough
set up last month to centralize merchant asset activities.
i used to tan down the street before i was referred to this place by one of my friends.
broke out the activities of 1307.
wow
same as 1307.
i did nt know what i was missing.
it should be assigned to north america  glen walloch and kevin walker .
the lowest bed here is better than my last salon s highest level.
4  easy.
salon is clean and girls are nice.
let me know if you have any questions.
great people and even better service
leon branom senior tax analyst networks and services  713  3458702 office leon.branomenron.com
best to deal with
no problem about moving company 1691 over
i see that it is a4, so that will be no problem.
in a few words ... i m pleasantly surprised that you can still find  old school  service out there where company care more about good name and customers than their pockets ...
highly recommended people  business.
how do you feel about taking on another company
thanks josh
essie and leon have proposed xferring co. 1691 to your world  see below .
dentist you can trust
do you concur
if possible i try the services on myself before i bring in my son.
please let me know monday morning.
drs. ali work wonders.
regards,
neither me nor my son have nt had a single cavity since we started dental care there.
vicsandra
the team focus is prevention and education.
if you have not already made these decisions, essie s guidance should be helpful.
that alone makes them unique.
patty lee corporate tax x35172 eb 1774
please see my comments in red below.
this is not your usual cheap hotdog place.
essie
they offer a large variety of quality hotdogs and hamburgers they also offer veggie dogs.
essie,
the fries are of good quality, the staff is friendly.
can you recommend where these companies each fit within the new organization
the atmosphere is your typical indie outfit with old movie posters and memorabilia from the 70s and 80s.
over charged.
if possible, can you also give an indication of the rank 1 through5
thanks,
i used my card to purchase a meal on the menu and the total on my receipt was  8.95 but when i went on line to check my transaction it show  10.74.
patty
there is something wrong or maybe the individual made a mistake but to me that is not integrity.
virginia,
elmira, you r the best
hello.
all i can say is that elmira you are the best i ve experienced, never before has the seamstress done a perfect job until i met you.
i was originally inquiring about purchasing a cross or signac impressionist lithograph.
i found them and purchased both from a gallery in london, william weston.
they should be delivered this week.
i recommend you to everyone in calgary, as she is a professional and the cost for her was low.
they are beautiful and will add a lot to our collection.
5 star detail job
i took my mustang here and it looked amazing after they were done, they did a great job, i m very satisfied with the results.
by the way the lichtenstein is up and hanging in our formal living room and it is magnificent.
the paint and wheels looked like glass and the interior looked new
i have also purchased an appel in the last month.
also, they have great customer service and a very knowledgeable staff
i am interested in several artists.
actually, a lot.
i will be looking for one or more of the following.
my concept is that over time i would like to own one of all the following artists and they are all depending when i find something that we really like.
i listed all of our  sometimes mine vs. my wife s favorites and priorities .

they are kind of in rank order but as i stated if i find the piece that i like we will purchase it.
i want signed and numbered.
i realize that some were not signed by the artist but it is an important fact in my buying decision.
i also realize that some may not have done any works on paper or they are outrageously expensive.
for example, i would like to know if rothko or kline did any work on paper.
at least that is what i am thinking now.
bonnard  colorful only
lautrec
suerat  any works on paper
i do nt know that he did any
other impressionist or post impressionist lithos
braque
moore
arp
rouault
modrian
rothko
kline
motherwell
by the way, i am interested in relooking at a picasso  although we have2  that your gallery had a couple of years ago.
it was a cubist piece from the 1920s and i believe you called the technique a  push wa   pronunciation vs an attempt at the proper spelling .
it was for sale in a couple of galleries in sf and was about  20,000.
is there1 available
also i am still thinking about the matisse we discussed before but as you can see, i have a lot of other artists i am interested in and it may remain on the back burner because we already have one.
thanks,
mike
huskers drool over sooners.
ken riceenron communications
01192001 0914 am
huskers rule, sooners drool.
mike mcconnellect
011901 0755 am
thanks for the note.
sooners rule.
we ll find time when things settle down.
m
ken riceenron communications
01192001 0724 am
mike
i see that we are scheduled to have lunch today.
i may have to postpone again, i ll let you know later this morning.
i am out all weekend and we have to have the final comments on the analyst presentation in by sunday night so i may be working over lunch.
actually, i think we are in pretty good shape so i will probably be doing lunch but just do nt be too mad if i have to cancel.
ken
ps your brother told me he went to3 bowl games  when i found out that two of them were the galleryfurniture.com bowl and that one in shreveport  i ca nt remember the name of it  i realized he is a very, very sick college football fan.
jeff, here is the intial draft.
please leave as a word document and make any changes and additions that you think necessary.
i have nt even changed the wording after i first put it down.
mike
mark, i thought you would enjoy the comment about you.
m
ken riceenron communications
01192001 0724 am
mike
i see that we are scheduled to have lunch today.
i may have to postpone again, i ll let you know later this morning.
i am out all weekend and we have to have the final comments on the analyst presentation in by sunday night so i may be working over lunch.
actually, i think we are in pretty good shape so i will probably be doing lunch but just do nt be too mad if i have to cancel.
ken
ps your brother told me he went to3 bowl games  when i found out that two of them were the galleryfurniture.com bowl and that one in shreveport  i ca nt remember the name of it  i realized he is a very, very sick college football fan.
i will put this on our calendars.
too bad you wo nt make the compaq thing, but maybe next year.
san antonio, wow what a let down from the other cities.
that will be a nice time of year though.
i can recommend some good restaurants since i took ric there last year for his birthday.
we stayed at the menger and had a great time.
kay mannenron
09202000 0418 pm
this friday  michael goes for a visit at st. francis, which may be his new school  so far, so good .
i ll be in around 1000
most fridays i m going to try to pick michael up since i m away so much, which means leaving by 445 or so.
october4, ena orientation in the am.
october 19  20, neil is out of town, so i have to pick michael up from school  leave at 430
october 26  27, hope to be vacation time.
neil has a meeting in san antonio  usually it is in miami, san francisco, phoenix  not so great this year .
it is the officer s meeting for enterprise, and spouses are invited.
this means we wo nt be in town for the compaq thing.
figures, of course.
thanks for asking.
i m watching for some good vacation days, also ...
fyi  review  comment
i have a couple of questions so i can wrap up the loi
we refer to licensed fuel cell energy equipment.
do we intend to reference a particular manufacturer, or should this be more generic
do we want to attach a draft of the development agreement, and condition the final deal on agreeing to terms substantially the same as what s in the draft
i have a concern that the enron optionality bug could bite us on the backside with that one.
do we expect to have one epc contract, or several
i m looking for the confidentiality agreement, which may be in bart s files  have nt checked closely yet .
if anyone has it handy, it could speed things up for me.
thanks,
kay
forget the one or more contract questions.
i see we expect to have separate contracts for each project.
i have a couple of questions so i can wrap up the loi
we refer to licensed fuel cell energy equipment.
do we intend to reference a particular manufacturer, or should this be more generic
do we want to attach a draft of the development agreement, and condition the final deal on agreeing to terms substantially the same as what s in the draft
i have a concern that the enron optionality bug could bite us on the backside with that one.
do we expect to have one epc contract, or several
i m looking for the confidentiality agreement, which may be in bart s files  have nt checked closely yet .
if anyone has it handy, it could speed things up for me.
thanks,
kay
on the issue of the contracts, the draft says that the  170 m is paid when the epc contract is signed.
are we expecting that the portion attributable to each project will be paid as the individual epc contracts are signed
thanks,
kay
1. the pricing that we have given crra is specific to fuelcell energy and would not be meaningful without listing the manufacturer  i.e., onsi would be a lot more money .
hence, i think that we have to reference the manufacturer.
2. the attachment of the development agreement is a jeff question.
in order to mark any 2000 income, we will need to get crra to execute the development agreement in 2000.
in my opinion, we should show crra a copy of the loi with the assumption that the development agreement is attached.
i would actually send them the draft development agreement a couple days after the loi.
based on how crra reacts, i would make an ultimate determination if the agreement needs to be attached to the loi.
3. i expect at least one epc contract per project.
we do nt want to condition the acceptance of one project on the performance of another project.
performance tests will either be performed on a project basis or a unit by unit basis in a given project.
remarkably clear explanation.
sent by  ben jacobyect
fyi, see below.
mom s birthday is tommorow.
what are we going to get her
chris
that is some good stuff.
i hear you are coming our way soon.
look forward to drinking a few beers.
chris
michael mcdermott  michael.mcdermottspectrongroup.com  on 06012000 060056 am
yo mama s so fat ....
your mama is so fat  when she hauls ass she has to make two trips.
when she dances she makes the band skip.
when she was diagnosed with the flesh eating disease the doctor gave her 13 years to live.
she puts mayonnaise on aspirin.   clearly the winner
her cereal bowl came with a lifeguard.
when she goes to the zoo the elephants throw her peanuts.
her high school graduation picture was an aerial photograph.
her driver s license says  picture continued on other side.
she has to iron her pants on the driveway.
the back of her neck looks like a pack of hot dogs.
yo mama s so fat, all the restaurants in town have signs that say   maximum occupancy  240 patrons or yo mama  yo mama s so fat, when she ran away, they had to use all four sides of the milk carton.
yo mama s so fat, instead of levis 501 jeans, she wears levis 1002s.
yo mama s so fat, when she gets in an elevator, it has to go down.
yo mama s so fat, she was born with a silver shovel in her mouth.
yo mama s so fat, she s got smaller fat women orbiting around her.
yo mama s so fat, she could sell shade.
you will have to wait and see
done
expect a call from paul tonight.
chris
what are some good interview questions
poll your coworkers.
cd
i told paul that you called him yesterday so abruptly because you did nt want to waste his time while you got tests done for arthritis.
i told him i told you to call him back and at least hear what he has to say.
he said they are looking for people and based on what i told him an interview was a formality.
chris
is that microwave that you gave dan really expensive
all the guys at work are saying i should nt bother having it fixed i should just buy a new one.
chris
jai hawker 9746721
i wo nt forget about the .
do i need to cross reference the deals in my model to the deals in the system or did you already do that
chris
kathy,
do nt take that deal out until i look at it.
i think it is mine but i forgot to write it in the blue fx book  i only wrote it in my red book .
thanx,
chris
just a reminder to send me a currency report.
thanx,
chris
paul called me today.
he will be in calgary in a couple of weeks and will interview you then.
chris
you should reply asap.
do nt make peters and co. wait.
chris
i did nt get a chance to talk to paul today.
give him a call tommorow.
chris
will you please run a june nx3  nx1 for our book.
paul
how about meeting at 1130 or 12
i am in the office so give me a call.
cd 31663
the deed is done.
chris
find attached resume and cover letter.
hopefully he did nt spel anyting incorrectly.
dan is really smart and a hard worker.
i think he would be a good fit.
give me a call tuesday afternoon to discuss  gone to kelowna golfing for the weekend .
cheers,
chris
i have nt had a chance to send it yet.
paul is out of the office today so i have nt had a chance to talk to him.
i ll send it as soon as you resond wether i should or not.
chris
are you guys still looking for an analyst
should i send the resume to dawn or you directly
chris enron canada corp. suite 1100, 70 york street toronto, ontario m5j 1s9 4168653700
paul devries  director 4168653703
jan wilson  manager 4168653704
attached is a forecast for the rest of the summer for the x  nwp and pgt .
we should try to have a conference call with the west desk to discuss as soon as we can.
chris
see you there
cd
sushi tonight
ryan watt says high.
chris
i will be able to attend.
chris
mike jordan
26092000 1414
fernley  sally
off and on  with jackie gentle s help  i have pulled together a one page communication note on our fundamental operating standards  itself a one page summary .
we are in the final stages of this process  where we draft a cover letter for john which will introduce this for inclusion within globalflash  the enron europe newsletter
have you any thoughts on draft or cover note
mike
late jan sounds great.
meagan does have a couple of big things on the weekend in january  national charity league senior presentation  big dance that she and i are committed to help with , the bearkadette ball and a winter party for cotillion.
i believe that these are three weekends in a row, january6, 13 and 20th.
so the last weekend in january would work well  and i will need a rest from formal affairs  .
does that work for you
and do you want to do it on a saturday or sunday
saturday probably works better for me, just so that i am back in houston and doing laundry by sunday afternoon
hi ...
talked to the little mother  to  be.
she said a shower would be grand.
she has some big presentation midjanuary.
how does late january sound to you.
should we set a date now
am i turning into mother
cindy
i think that it is a great idea to get some press regarding our fundamental operating standards, but i wonder about the most appropriate timing, enough of a global message and the means of delivery.
on the means of delivery, i am not sure from your note whether or not i fully understand the intent.
is there an article to be included in an enron publication and in addition a letter to be sent under john s name  if so, to whom will the letter be sent
or is the letter from john an introduction to be included as a lead in to the article
with regard to a global message, i think that one of the key points around fundamental operating standards are that they are intended to be global in nature, applied to every commodity and every location where we engage in trading activities.
with these operating standards implemented worldwide, we will know as operations professionals that risk is being mitigated and we will be able to ensure enron top management that there is consistency in operating standards worldwide.
these global standards also should enable enron to expand its business reach more quickly, with well defined requirements with regard to trading operations.
i am not sure from the article as written that the global nature of this effort comes across.
finally, a question regarding timing.
the last i knew after you and brent drafted this starting point for fundamental operating standards was that this was being circulated  shona took this to do after brent s return to houston  for comments to all business controllers.
i do nt believe that we are quite at the point that we can say that all business controllers worldwide have reviewed, understand and have implemented these standards.
and not to belittle the process of creating the standards, the tough part  and the real meat behind this  will be an effective exception report on a global basis against these standards.
my commitment to rick causey is that i will have that global report in production by the end of the year.
there is much work to do in defining the content and regularity of the report and even more work to do to identify reliable sources of data for compiling the report.
shona has commissioned mike moscoso to work on this, and i believe that mike has already been working with james new.
so i question whether or not you want to publish info about fundamental standards that we can not yet report against.
would a more appropriate time be after the global operations controller meeting in october when we should have worldwide buy  in and commitment to these standards and  hopefully  our first draft of a meaningful exception report
sorry that this response looks so long.
i have been interrupted 20 times while responding, so i hope that it makes sense.
thanks for sharing this with me.
since you asked for input, i hope that you do nt mind that i gave you some.
sally
david w delaineyect
11102000 0104 pm
steve, i noticed that our allocation from 2000 to 2001 is going up by 21  year on year  ie   13.9 m from  11.5 m.
we have been able to keep ena s direct group expenses flat year on year, we are trying hard to keep the corporate allocation flat year to year as well.
do you have a view on how we might be able to achieve this goal
regards
delainey
do nt worry about it ... sorry for putting you back on speaker.
i just wanted sue to hear  she enjoys utility bashing so much .
thanks for the comment on the hearing.
in some respects i do nt think the first panel could have gone much better  everyone thanked ferc for intervening  though for different reasons .
the other staff reports are also looking good.
scott miller has been a godsend  somebody not afraid to tell it like it is.
jeff dasovich
sent by  jeff dasovich
11102000 1233 pm
i apologize if i offended anyone.
please let them know that i was simply quoting the ceo of a large, regulated utility in california.
thanks for attributing the quote to me.
you did a great job at the hearing  it went decidely downhill after you left.
best,
jeff
does she have any interest in meeting one  on  one or is she just looking for a public hanging
i remain convinced that if we can just get the facts in front of people they will modulate their approach.
jeff dasovich
sent by  jeff dasovich
11102000 1221 pm
given the short notice, we will politely decline to participate at the hearing on monday, but will let the good senator know that, in general, we intend to engage actively in the process and plan to help california find a solution that works for everybody.
amen.
see below.
can we get some help on the ibm issues
erin rice
11102000 1108 am
steve
at this point, our it contacts are backpedalling a bit and suggesting they can overcome the tibco and terminal server problems.
there are still four important issues, however
it still can not commit to transferring messages across domains.
this means that messages initiated at corp and intended for the entire enron organization will not reach any business units outside the corp domain.
no messages will reach the ees organization unless ibm agrees not to use their proprietary message delivery tool, websphere, and will use weblogic instead.
weblogic is required by backweb, although it is designed by a separate company.
hr, intended to be a key user of this tool, will not use backweb because survey responses can not be made anonymous.
hr has already purchased a tool called confirmit that can execute anonymous surveys.
messages will not be delivered simultaneously to all users in the same domain, nor will they be delivered for two to five hours after they are sent by the message administrator.
another thing to consider is that these messages will be set to expire and disappear within a set period of time, meaning users can not retrieve them and read them later  as they can with email .
this means that i could be away from the office for several days and miss a message entirely, because it would have expired and disappeared by the time i returned.
the plain fact is that a few members of it are pushing this initiative, but they lack commercial sponsorship.
they are hoping corp will foot the bill for a pilot which will allow them to fully test this tool before implementing it company  wide.
please let us know if you have additional questions.
er
steven j kean
11092000 1135 am
do we have a sense for how many we can reach, how many we ca nt and where they are
are whole offices  eg tokyo  unreachable or is it only those who have home offices
courtney votaw
11082000 1102 am
mark and steve
erin rice and i would like to meet with you to discuss the issues concerning backweb before we proceed.
as you can see from the design document, they are pretty significant.
thanks,
courtney
calendar
paul kaufmanect
sent by  lysa akinect
11102000 0559 pm
paul kaufman has asked me to set a conference call to review the ferc meeting that was held thursday, nov. 9th.
please be advised that i have set the call as follows
date  monday, nov. 13th
time  1130 am  130 pm central  230 pm eastern
call in   8884227132
pin   411507
pin  for paul kaufman only  362416
if you have any questions, please call 5034647927.
lysa akin asst. to paul kaufman
it s on tonight
it s did you watch your girl on tv last night
the deal number is 814014  why ca nt you see this
did you do a deal with national fuel marketing purchasing 3,500 mmbtu on may 30th  2.975
they are invoicing for this and i do nt have an invoice for it.
can you give me the sitara deal
thanks
darla
ok to book for me and my husband, joseph.
i was issued a new corporate american express card.
same number with expiration date of 303.
if you need any more info, please advise.
otherwise, i will assume you will book the two tickets.
thank you.
actually  upon second look the deal number is 814014  why ca nt you see this
did you do a deal with national fuel marketing purchasing 3,500 mmbtu on may 30th  2.975
they are invoicing for this and i do nt have an invoice for it.
can you give me the sitara deal
thanks
darla
should be non bondad
jane, on deal 763736 for may 01 sales to southwest gas, we have a pricing discrepancy.
our system reflects sj bondad gdp but swg is going to pay us based on sj nonbondad gdp.
can you please confirm which price is correct and make the change in sitara if necessary
thanks
laurie ellis enron net works llc client services phone   713  3459945 fax   713  6468420 email  laurie.ellisenron.com
sorry about the flooding.
hope you and your family survived ok.
attached are the gas settlement and support for may.
the only difference we had was for package v02.
mark anderson says that even though bondad gas flowed, the price was nonbondad.
have a great day.
nancy
enron.xls  file  enron.xls
enrongss.xls  file  enrongss.xls
actually  for volumes flowing out of bondad  which is deal number 763736 price is bondad gda  for blanco  deal number 759933  price is nonbondad gda
jane, on deal 763736 for may 01 sales to southwest gas, we have a pricing discrepancy.
our system reflects sj bondad gdp but swg is going to pay us based on sj nonbondad gdp.
can you please confirm which price is correct and make the change in sitara if necessary
thanks
laurie ellis enron net works llc client services phone   713  3459945 fax   713  6468420 email  laurie.ellisenron.com
sorry about the flooding.
hope you and your family survived ok.
attached are the gas settlement and support for may.
the only difference we had was for package v02.
mark anderson says that even though bondad gas flowed, the price was nonbondad.
have a great day.
nancy
enron.xls  file  enron.xls
enrongss.xls  file  enrongss.xls
i talked with mark at sw gas  just honro his numbers
nancy, can you please reconfirm with mark the price for the gas at bondad
my trader is supporting her price of sj bondad gdp rather than sj nonbondad gdp.
thanks
laurie ellis enron net works llc client services phone   713  3459945 fax   713  6468420 email  laurie.ellisenron.com
actually  for volumes flowing out of bondad  which is deal number 763736 price is bondad gda  for blanco  deal number 759933  price is nonbondad gda
jane, on deal 763736 for may 01 sales to southwest gas, we have a pricing discrepancy.
our system reflects sj bondad gdp but swg is going to pay us based on sj nonbondad gdp.
can you please confirm which price is correct and make the change in sitara if necessary
thanks
laurie ellis enron net works llc client services phone   713  3459945 fax   713  6468420 email  laurie.ellisenron.com
sorry about the flooding.
hope you and your family survived ok.
attached are the gas settlement and support for may.
the only difference we had was for package v02.
mark anderson says that even though bondad gas flowed, the price was nonbondad.
have a great day.
nancy
enron.xls  file  enron.xls
enrongss.xls  file  enrongss.xls
please find enclosed ees s request for volumes for pge citygate delvery effective 11101
see attached spreadsheet.
please quote the gas on an indexed basis.
if you have any questions or comments, please advise.
i have not had the patience to get it working  i will call you some evening and we can walk thru it.
how was your trip to des moines
did dthat stuff form joe help your car.
hey cester,
when are we going to get netmeeting going
how is deb s knee
did she ever go to a real doctor
tholt, jane m.
yes she is having physical theraphy3 times a week.
she said it is getting better.
i have nt seen her for a couple of weeks and have only talked to her.
i will probably be calling you next week  the desk wants me to become more involved in regulatory updates so i will seek your assistance with this matter.
jared just told me you have a bunch of stuff on your plate and i think you are about to get much busier too.
cool by me
jared, ruth and i are going to go over all the florida activity tomorrow morning.
if no one objects, i will be the lead coordinator on florida starting tomorrow.
yes maam, she s ubs now.
she was just down here too.
chris,
i did nt remember if your email mentioned judy.
did she make it
cindy franklin transportation services work  832.676.3177 fax  832.676.1329 pager  1.888.509.3736

this email and any files transmitted with it from the elpaso corporation are confidential and intended solely for the use of the individual or entity to whom they are addressed.
if you have received this email in error please notify the sender.

jared, ruth and i are going to go over all the florida activity tomorrow morning.
if no one objects, i will be the lead coordinator on florida starting tomorrow.
ok, i never get to talk to ruth because she is always on the phone.
and i bet she s on the phone with shemin too
should we all get together and make a conference call to dominion like we did before or should i just call jeff davis myself
our last call was iris kind, bill savier  sp  , and jeff davis.
do nt forget about me.
i m still trying to find out what it will take to move gas on and ena tabs agreement.
no transportation at this point, just a tabs.
also, it will be much easier for you guys to monitor because most of the deals will be monthly.
steve, everything looks good with one exception.
the rate schedule on tennessee should be either net 2 or net  284.
i wo nt find out until monday.
you review and approve it, keep it on your desk, and i will come over and make the change at your desk on monday.
then i ll take it to ed for his approval.
by the way, cullen and dykman is sending copies of what we are doing to melanie gray.
chris
per our conversation a few minutes ago, attached please find the revised stipulation.
this document has been modified with the changes that were in the mark  up you faxed to toni donohue here a few hours ago.
i also deleted  subject to recall  based on our discussion, assuming you get approval for that revision.
you informed me that you would discuss this with your attorney.
also, as i mentioned to you, we have faxed your mark  up to melanie gray at weil gotschal in houston to keep her informed.
her voice mail says she s out of the office until monday.
thanks for all your help on this.
david t. metcalfe cullen and dykman llp 177 montague street brooklyn, new york 11201 phone  7187800046 fax  7187800276 email  dmetcalfecullenanddykman.com

this email may contain material that is confidential, privileged and  or attorney work product for the sole use of the intended recipient  s .
any review, reliance or distribution by others or forwarding without express permission is strictly prohibited.
if you are not the intended recipient, please contact the sender and delete all copies.
stipulation ectkedne re igts  tennessee cap releases final.doc
blackline stip ectkedne re cap releases 2f.doc
stipulation ectkedne re igts  tennessee cap releases final.doc  blackline stip ectkedne re cap releases 2f.doc
a heartwarming story of the advances of women in achieving equality throughout the world.
barbara walters did a story on gender roles in kuwait several years before the gulf war.
she noted then that women customarily walked about 10 feet behind their husbands.
she returned to kuwait recently and observed that the men now walked several yards behind their wives.
ms. walters approached one of the women and said,  this is marvelous.
can you tell the free world just what enabled women here to achieve this reversal of roles
land mines,  said the kuwaiti woman.
cullen and dykman  attorneys for boston gas company  approved all of our changes on the agreement to release the tenn and iroq space back to boston gas.
they also made one other change, they are taking out the  subject to recall  language at the bottom of page2 under item 1.
they will be sending the revised document to me.
i will deliver it to you for your approval.
maybe we can go drinking too.
that would be fun.
i ll be at your house around 1030 or 11 tonight.
you really do not have to go.
i know you have a lot going on with you and the little woman.
i can handle the tractor.
love to have you along for the company, but it is not necessary.
you have a lot on you plate, dad.
chris.germanyenron.com on 01252002 031358 pm
funny.
no.
i did nt feel guilty about the garage sale, that s why i was annoyed  being notified at 1000 at night grrrrrrr.
i do feel guilty about you doing all this work.
so i m going with you, i pay for the gas and the twinkies.
correction,
jack welch is the ceo of ge, not gm.
vince kaminski
the ethink team
we recently asked you to create an espeak  wish list  for us.
the response was tremendous and, in some cases, very creative.
your fellow employees asked for everyone from britney spears to george bush.
in all, we received requests for 61 persons outside of enron to host an espeak event.
we thought you might like to know who your colleagues find interesting, so we ve provided a sampling of the suggestions below.
here are the top ten most requested espeakers.
10. jack welch, ceo, general motors
9. scott mcneally, ceo, sun microsystems
8. satisfied enron customers
7. stephen covey, author, the seven habits of highly effective people
6. oprah winfrey, talkshow host
5. general colin powell, former chairman, joint chiefs of staff, u.s.a.
4. alan greenspan, chairman, federal reserve, u.s.a.
3. former u.s. president george bush
2. bill gates, ceo, microsoft
1. texas governor george w. bush
while we ca nt make any promises, we will do our best to bring in at least some of these special guests.
if you have any contacts who could help us get in touch with these guest speakers, please let us know at ethinkenron.com.
everybody needs a little help now and then, even espeak.
there were plenty of internal speakers requested, as well.
those requests should be somewhat easier to meet, although scheduling time with some of our colleagues can be quite a task
thank you all for your participation.
dale,
confirmed.
vince
vince
7 am at hyatt regency downtown would be perfect.
i will see you in the lobby at7 am.
best regards,
dale
dale,
friday is a bad day  performance review committee all day .
what about 700 at the office or breakfast meeting at 700
we can meet at hyatt regency downtown  smith street .
vince
vince
can we get together friday morning july7 at 800 am at your office
that would be particularly convenient for me.
i will have to leave downtown at about 945 to catch a plane.
that will ensure that i wo nt take up too much of your time
thanks for your efforts here, and thanks for being patient with me.
dale nesbitt
fyi
vince sold
i ll initiate the call.
ed,
thursday works for me.
what about 1030 my time
vince
please respond to  ekrapelsesaibos.com
how about thursday, july6
ed,
a correction.
i shall spend an entire day at prc  performance review  on friday, july7.
can we do on another day
vince
please respond to  ekrapelsesaibos.com
i ll still be here in boston so we d do it over the phone.
ok
ed,
will you be in houston on that day or we shall do it over the phone
vince
please respond to  ekrapelsesaibos.com
vince,
how about a premeeting web site cruise on friday, july7 at 11 am edt
ed
ed,
july 12, 230 it is.
i would like the premeeting site cruise.
how can we arrange it
vince
please respond to  ekrapelsesaibos.com
vince,
we re all set for 230 on july 12.
how about a premeeting web site cruise on friday, july7 at 11 am edt
ed
ed,
wednesday, july 12, 2300 will work for me.
i shall be glad to review your website  www.weathereffects.com.
i shall invite some people who work on electricity in my group to join me.
vince
please respond to  ekrapelsesaibos.com
vince,
good to hear from you and i m glad you re available.
how is wednesday at 230
i did look at eol and am not surprised to see its quality.
i was unable to say much about it in my risk electricity hedging and trading report because of deadline pressures.
how is the site doing
i am intrigued by the competition for trading platforms and was astonished to hear that goldman, morgan, bp and shell were going to launch a site to compete with yours.
talk about a shotgun marriage
if we have time next week, i could step you through our website  www.weathereffects.com.
i m very proud of what we ve done.
i ca nt give out a password yet but would be happy to walk through the site with you over the phone using my password.
it s a very ambitious site  with state  of  the  art wsi weather  seasonal,6  10, and day to day  driving a good load model for pjm and nepool.
esai contributes oil and gas input price forecasts, capacity judgments, and  herding  ideas to develop power price forecasts for same time periods.
after one month s full  bore effort, i m pleased with the results  e.g., we forecast nepool onpeak to be  43 and it turned out  46 .
have a great weekend.
ed
ed,
i shall be available on both days.
what about wednesday, july 12, between 130 and 400.
please, let me know what time would work for you.
it will be nice to see you again.
vince
p.s. by the way, did you have a chance to take a look at the eol
please respond to ekrapelsesaibos.com
caroline abramoenron
03022001 1046 am
what do you think
joelardycargill.com on 03022001 103903 am
currently cargill and enron have a 15 mm collateral threshold.
if possible, i think the cleanest way to run this biz would be to put a box around the prime broker biz.
we would still operate under the master isda but could set up a mutually agreeable credit support annex for this biz.
we would still keep the 20,000,000 line referenced in schedule b of the poa agreement.
the line in the poa is a seperate and distinct measure from the daily collateral.
the 20 mill reflects gross exposure.
let me know if you think this is reasonable and workable.
we too, are open to suggestion as the global and enron relationships are very important and a high priority to us.
thanks
joe
joe
a few things regading the poa  cargill line ..
i am going to find out how much line we currently have available ... you probably already have this.
we should allocate a piece to global which would solve the problem of other cargill people using the line, putting us over the limit, without me knowing ...
we could change the language of the poa to this ...
we will not go over global s piece of the cargill line ...
i think this would solve our main concern ...
please let me know ... we are eager to keep trading with global and yourselves ...
regards,
caroline
dee
let me know if we need to discuss anything.
i am hopeful that we are ready to prepare execution copies.
regards.
sara shackleton
susan bailey
02272001 0823 am
dee,
attached for your review is a blacklined version of the   a  schedule and  b  paragraph 13 to the isda master agreement.
these have been compared against the draft dated 1182000, and include ena s accepted changes per your  a  faxed comments transmitted to ena on january5, 2001, and  b  email comments transmitted to ena on january 19th, 2001.
we look forward to your response.
cordially,
susan s. bailey
i do nt know anything about these transactions.
sara shackleton
jorge a garciaenron
03012001 0135 pm
good afternoon sara,
i wanted to follow up with you regarding the creation and approval of isda confirmations for the following equity trades that i understand laurel had discussed with you previously.
1  edison international  swap with enron europe ltd. 2 in total
2  pge  swap with enron europe ltd. 3 in total
please advise.
regards,
jorge
calculation of floating amount  the floating amount payable by  ena  on a payment date will be calculated for that payment date as follows
floating amount   notional quantity per calculation period x floating price   usd  38,000
sara shackleton
other provisions  on each payment date,  ena  shall pay  a fee of   an amount equal to  usd  38,000  , which amount shall be subject to the netting provisions of the  master agreement  how do you refer to the agreement
sara shackleton
sara shackleton
03022001 0210 pm
calculation of floating amount  the floating amount payable by  ena  on a payment date will be calculated for that payment date as follows
floating amount   notional quantity per calculation period x floating price   usd  38,000
sara shackleton
what person  s  in london prepares credit for the english and singapore financial transactions
at some point in the not so distant future, the houson and london credit departments need to speak in order that each understands the  philosophy  behind credit analysis for the omnibus and master transactions.
i look forward to hearing from you.
regards.
sara
ps congrats on your promotion
i did nt have a chance to speak with you after the offsite to shake your hand.
hope you enjoyed your weekend in houston.
looks fine
sara shackleton
carlos alatorreenron
02272001 0607 pm
sara
we need to change the prod description fro the lme product.
the change is mainly on the settlement date text, which instead of  ... two business days after the date of the transaction ...  shall read as follow
for curr lme lme  spot  01 mar 01 jpy  usd
a currency transaction with enron europe finance  trading limited   eeftl   as agent for risk management  trading corp. under which either  a  for the case in which counterparty submits an offer to buy from eeftl, counterparty shall receive the base currency amount and shall pay the foreign currency amount, or  b  for the case in which counterparty submits an offer to sell to eeftl, counterparty shall pay the base currency amount and shall receive the foreign currency amount.
the base currency amount shall equal the volume submitted by the counterparty via the website.
the foreign currency amount shall equal the base currency amount, multiplied by the daily london metal exchange  lme  fixing rate as published by reuters on page mtle on the date of the transaction, modified by the price submitted by the counterparty via the website.
the term of the transaction shall correspond to the date  s  set forth in the product description on the website.
the settlement date shall be the date  s  set forth in the product description on the website.
the price is quoted in jpy  the  foreign currency   per us dollar  the  base currency  .
the unit of measure against which the price is quoted shall be us dollars.
please let me know your approval before we make any changes.
thanks
carlos
i need to have a form filled out that says i do nt have health insurance coverage through enron.
can you find out who i need to send it to in hr
thanks,
kay
your mom just called and said your dad s surgery will be at 230 p.m.
tuesday, march 20th.
they will be there by noon on the 20th, and the surgery will last 1.5 hours and then they ll watch him for2 more hours before they put him into icu.
they are hoping he ll only be in the hospital 48 hours.
scott
term sheet for draft contract, as requested.
i have a change in plans next week.
my dad is having surgery in ft. worth, so i will be heading that way on monday.
i was planning to be on vacation anyway, but i may have some accessibility challenges in ft. worth which i would not have had otherwise.
i will manage client expectations accordingly.
kay
i hope you do nt change your mind about going to the wedding sunday.
i plan on taking michael to the new star wars exhibit at the museum of fine arts.
they showed some kids on tv, and they were quite taken with it.
confidentiality notice
the information in this email may be confidential and  or privileged.
this email is intended to be reviewed by only the individual or organization named above.
if you are not the intended recipient or an authorized representative of the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that any review, dissemination or copying of this email and its attachments, if any, or the information contained herein is prohibited.
if you have received this email in error, please immediately notify the sender by return email and delete this email from your system.
thank you
kay mann
03152001 0403 pm
i have a change in plans next week.
my dad is having surgery in ft. worth, so i will be heading that way on monday.
i was planning to be on vacation anyway, but i may have some accessibility challenges in ft. worth which i would not have had otherwise.
i will manage client expectations accordingly.
kay
i m not planning to get involved since this is your deal.
is that ok with you
lorie leigh  ect
03152001 0417 pm
conference plus will be hosting this call
the date  thursday, march 22nd, 2001
the number  18009919019
the passcode  6871082
the time  1000 am  1100 am cst
the place  eb 3143c
the subject  turbine1 and turbine2 purchase agreement
if you have any problems or questions, please feel free to call me at 7138531696.
thank you,
lorie leigh
yes, but this time it is his carotid artery  the one that transports blood to the brain.
big deal kind a stuff.
i hope your dad s surgery goes well
is this related to the problems he is having getting around  circulatory
kathleen
kay mann
03152001 0411 pm
kay mann
03152001 0403 pm
i have a change in plans next week.
my dad is having surgery in ft. worth, so i will be heading that way on monday.
i was planning to be on vacation anyway, but i may have some accessibility challenges in ft. worth which i would not have had otherwise.
i will manage client expectations accordingly.
kay
for better or worse, all the folks under the heading  origination  and  development  are ours, although kathleen has a special role with development.
kay
fyi  see rows 49  53  columns e  j for our group.
kathleen
lorie leigh  ect
03152001 0444 pm
i received a report from hr and it appears there is conflicting information regarding some of the titles for various employees.
please verify that the titles are correct for everyone in your group.
the ones that i made changes to are in red.
thanks,
paula.
i formatted the file so that it would print on one legal size sheet.
please use this new file as opposed to the one i sent earlier.
please review the attached org chart for march and submit any changes by noon tomorrow.
it is imperative that all of the information on the attached file is accurate, including titles, as this information is being given directly to john lavorato and louise kitchen.
thanks,
paula.
here s the version showing revisions.
kay
i finally got it to blackline correctly.
here it is.
also attached is a sample availability provision  actually2 different versions .
redvepco.doc
sample.doc
lorie leigh  ect
03152001 0417 pm
conference plus will be hosting this call
the date  thursday, march 22nd, 2001
the number  18009919019
the passcode  6871082
the time  1000 am  1100 am cst
the place  eb 3143c
the subject  turbine1 and turbine2 purchase agreement
if you have any problems or questions, please feel free to call me at 7138531696.
thank you,
lorie leigh 46093
kay mann
02132001 0413 pm
good afternoon,
i m forwarding a revised development agreement term sheet, showing revisions from your original version.
we look forward to seeing you soon.
thanks,
kay
peggy banczak is the ena lawyer who handles mexico.
john schwartzenburgenrondevelopment
03162001 0922 am
i do not think the prior email got through to kay.
are either of you familiar with this project
we have had no contact with the ena  enron mexico commercial or legal people and i do nt want to bust any structuring goals.
our project manager  scott laidlaw  and engineer  harry okabayashi  want to issue a tasking letter to procure engineering services on this project to support the ena work.
i now understand that someone at ena  enron mexico  enron wholesale has signed an epc contract with abb for this project.
i am not in the office today, so please include renee alfaro on your response.
jwvs
hello janice
i enjoyed your recent email but was sorry to hear about your dad.
it sounds as though his health has deteriorated significantly.
these are always difficult times.
as i watched my mother and father s health deteriorate and ultimately watched them die, it is a very defining time in our lives.
but we can be very thankful to have such great parents and to have had the privilege to have been raised in such loving homes.
sounds as though eric has done very well as smsu.
he is joining an excellent company.
i am also delighted to hear that he will continue his education working toward an mba.
as we are living in an age where intellectual capital is so valuable, it is important for every young person to obtain the very best possible education they can.
as to our family, within the last ten days our youngest daughter elizabeth was married to a young man from buenos aires, argentina.
they met while they were both working on a project as lawyers in buenos aires.
they re currently on their honeymoon but shortly after returning will be moving from buenos aires to miami, florida.
this past thursday night our sixth grandchild was born.
it was born to our son david and his wife courtney.
it was a7 lb., 10 oz., 20 inch little boy.
so we now have three grandsons and three granddaughters ranging from about2 years 4 months down to a few days.
they are a great deal of fun.
we are doing quite well.
i am looking forward to seeing ginger  rees  copeland when she comes to houston.
i would be delighted to arrange tickets for you and your family should you ever have occasion to visit houston.
i hope you have a great summer.
thank you for your recent request for mr. lay to speak at your conference.
unfortunately, do to mr. lay s schedule he will not be able to participate.
thank you again,
tori l. wells executive secretary
hi
just to let you know that it looks like one day will work.
i want to check with mr. lay before confirming.
thanks.
rosalee
dear ken,
as you know, our next meeting is on wednesday, july 12 from 300  530 p.m.
in the next week or so, we ll be sending around a discussion paper which we hope crystallizes the issues, and we will try to talk to as many of you as possible before the meeting to go through it.
meanwhile, arthur levitt has agreed to meet with us in september to brainstorm on the ideas we ve generated and also to give us a sense of some of the issues as he sees them.
there are three possible dates for the meeting, which i suggest be in two parts  first, a meeting among the panel only from 500  630 p.m., and then a dinner with chairman levitt from 630  830 p.m.
here are the dates
could you please let us know which of these would be possible for you
thursday, september 14 500  830 pm
monday, september 25 500  830 pm
wednesday, september 27 500  830 pm
many thanks,
jeff garten
good morning, kitty
ken lay would like to have the armada m306 series   the first ultra portable notebook designed for the enterprise .
ken said to go ahead and equip it with what you think it should have.
please let me know when he can expect to receive it.
thanks, kitty.
rosalee
here is the link to the latest commercial laptops on the market, i will follow up with the consumer models.
the m300 series are the lightest and the e500s are the all in one but much heavier.
httpwww.compaq.comproductsnotebooksindex.html
compaq.com  notebook.url
compaq.com  notebook.url
unfortunately, mr. lay will be in san jose, ca participating in a conference, where he is a speaker, on june 14.
rosalee fleming
re
june 14 reception
recently charles miller and david dewhurst sent you an invitation to a reception which they are hosting on wed. 614 at 500 pm to be held at the houston petroleum club.
i hope that you will be able to attend that event.
under the leadership of governor bush and others we have made real progress in education in texas over the past decade.
now it is time to take the next steps and achieve even greater progress in our public education system.
the texas education reform caucus is made up of business leaders, educators, and elected officials dedicated to finding common sense approaches to improving education in texas.
i would appreciate the opportunity to visit with you on the 14th.
kent grusendorf
state representative district 94

this is o.k. for ken lay, but we are changing to a more uniform address, so would likely be better to use kenneth.layenron.com.
this is a  test email send  of the wpo forum group from richard everett.
by return email, please verify that you received this message and let us know if there is another email address that you prefer us to use.
thank you.
joy powell executive assistant to richard everett 7138715119

note  the information in this email is confidential and may be legally privileged.
if you are not the intended recipient, you must not read, use or disseminate the information.
although this email and any attachments are believed to be free of any virus or other defect that might affect any computer system into which it is received and opened, it is the responsibility of the recipient to ensure that it is virus free and no responsibility is accepted by century development or any of its affiliates for any loss or damage arising in any way from its use.

kenneth lay has approved the attached expense report for cindy olson.
hi mr. katsof
i believe someone called about this today, but mr. lay asked me to let you know that these dates do nt work for him, either.
sorry.
rosalee
let me know if you have any interest in the tco  pool leach swap for the winter.
i ll take tco pool at index and sale leach or pool at index   .04.
i ca nt remember if you guys could do it or not.
could you tell me what deal tickets you are seeing
please check tenn contract 36647 on the demand speadsheet.
sitara is nt matching the spreadsheet.
thanks,
brenda
pasquallie,
5 for spelling,
w. don germany, jr po box 27 cedar lane, texas 774150027
actually it is not a new truck.
had 33,000 miles, ram 25003 4 ton,4 x4, 360 magnum motor.
infinity stereo, bucket seats, nerf bars, tool box, bed liner, camper tow package,5 speed manual.
oh, it is dueled out through one catalytic converter with flow masters to accent the sound.
makes me want to race
i believe the fuel consumption will be tolerable as well.
now, debbie wants it.
i gave  16,900  tax.
it is very clean and is sandalwood, driftwood or something of that nature in color.
almost silver.
i have to pick up old gray over at jerry s.
debbie said, it is going to be hard on me to sale my old dodge truck.
i said yep, had that truck longer than i have had most of my women.
i really need to engage brain before articulating
i am doing dirt work and hope to plant st augustine grass by friday before rain.
one thing is for sure, the economy is not faltering on my account.
dow stock is back up over  33.
hooray, hoorah
needs to go to  41 and then i will be happy.
i spoke with gerald and he said there are a bunch of folks hanging around dad s place.
we need to change the lock and place posted signs at the gate.
i may want to put some steers or heifers up there.
i am going up soon and having the tractor fixed.
reggie said he will pay us soon.
he also still wants the tractor if we can hold on to it.
first come, first serve.
when is the wedding
we re set for 110101.
be sure to take your sweety out on the balcony tonight and gaze at the full moon.
it was sure beautiful coming up last night.
we used to go out and lay in the pasture on a blanket and watch for the space shuttle.
i had a couple of hickies on my neck the day after and the guys all wanted to know if those were shuttle burns.
just jealous.
my kid is making wonderful grades and has reassured me she will graduate within the four year period.
she still has some sort of scholarship but i am not for sure how much it pays.
she is going to be a kinesiologist, sports injury therapist.
i think she just wants to be able to touch football players legs.
she will be 20 on 1103.
i am really proud of her.
cindy said jaime has grown up very much.
you should e mail her sometimes.
i am sure she would like to hear from you.
jgerma5aol.com.
at any rate, be careful and be safe.
you should have listened to maw, as long as you keep your mouth shut and your pants zipped, you will be alright.
shucks, guess none of us three paid much attention to that.
oh, jeff sherrar has a new book out.
rise to rebellion.
there were some pretty cool dudes back around 1774  76.
there will be two volumes to this saga.
i am half way through the first and you can borrow it when i am through.
i sure like his style of writing.
his books are always hard to put down.
after the split dow stock there are 120 shares.
keep your powder dry
yo,
bro
dow
w. don germany, jr. 2301 n brazosport blvd b 3611, investment recovery freeport, texas 77541 pager1 800 451 0491  0448  office 979 238 2102 home 979 548 7034
what s happening
i understand you have a brand new truck.
must be nice having money
i need2 things from you.
1. i found the title to the4 wheeler and i was going to change it over to you name.
what do you think
if that s ok, how do you want your name to show up on the title and what address should i use
2. i m getting ready to divy up the dow stock.
how many of dad s shares do you have
last thing, send me a million dollars, i m tired of working.
i thought we only had cashout, at most3 times, before this june.
i ca nt remember.
i do know that most of the time this plant was not buring like it did in july and august of this year.
i say we just keep the dough and go to mexico.
hey guys,
would you please ck the oglethorpe deal from july 2000  dec 2000
is there supposed to be a cashout booked in sitara for these months
oglethorpe over paid their invoice every month.
i believe that doug told me the extra was for the cashout that was not invoiced.
thanks
darla
i ca nt get through on the phones.
please call me 7138534743
hey ernie.
i m checking my emails.
i assume you have your anwser and do nt need me.
hi chris,
i sent this to mary last week.
she may be out because in the past she always responds pretty quick.
i need the prices below.
can you help out
thanks,
ernie simien
08012001 0914 am
sent by  ernie simien
hi mary,
i need your help again.
i need prices for may, june, and july.
thanks,
mary.ellenbergerenron.com on 05032001 040652 pm
please respond to mary.ellenbergerenron.com
cc
subject  re  if tgpl la z1
jan 9.95 feb 6.25 mar 4.98 april 5.37
esimiennisource.com on 05032001 013235 pm
hi mary,
please do me a favour and give me the subject price for jan, feb, mar and apr 2001.
thanks,
gregg penman
10232000 1212 pm
kay
can you please review this additional language to the risk management policy  or circulate to jeff hodge
in light of the ca regarding curves, i am slightly concerned with a blanket statement essentially giving peoples unlimited access to information.
i know that we address audit rights in the llc agreement so this may not matter anyway if this is a right they already have.
let me know what you think.
thanks,
gregg
m.nordstrompecorp.com
10202000 1132 am
attached please find the latest enovate risk policy.
our attorneys and internal audit area have made one language revision concerning section xiii audit rights.
mary  mehrisk oct 20
mehrisk oct 20.doc
i m still at home.
i ll be in tomorrow.
i have a fax machine at home, though, if you prefer.
otherwise, we can see who we can scare up at the office, or you can have laura sign and i ll initial later.
which do you prefer
kay
are you in the office to initial signature pages today
if not, is there someone else that will
i know that jeff is in portland.
gregg
kay mann
10262000 1107 am
if jeff is happy, i m happy.
kay
hello
i spoke with jeff hodge yesterday regarding the additional language from peoples regarding audit rights.
his initial reaction was that their request was probably reasonable and in line with the spirit of a jointly owned l.l.c.
however, he did suggest a couple slight revisions to protect enron s interests.
1  highlighting that information will only be provided that is related to enovate and2  that each designated representative should sign an appropriate confidentiality agreement.
this language has been included in the attached draft.
my goal, however optimistic, is to execute the risk policy by the end of today.
activity is picking up dramatically and the fine line is getting further blurred each passing day.
therefore, i need to know asap if there are any problems with the draft as written.
otherwise, i will be sending it to peoples as our final revision by mid morning.
thanks for your prompt attention to this.
thanks,
gregg
gregg penman
10232000 1212 pm
kay
can you please review this additional language to the risk management policy  or circulate to jeff hodge
in light of the ca regarding curves, i am slightly concerned with a blanket statement essentially giving peoples unlimited access to information.
i know that we address audit rights in the llc agreement so this may not matter anyway if this is a right they already have.
let me know what you think.
thanks,
gregg
m.nordstrompecorp.com
10202000 1132 am
attached please find the latest enovate risk policy.
our attorneys and internal audit area have made one language revision concerning section xiii audit rights.
mary
mehrisk oct 20
mehrisk oct 20.doc
it is less complicated for me to initial and fax than to track down someone who does nt know anything about it and get them to initial it.
i can print it here, initial it, and fax it to whomever you want.
plus, i work with janet a lot so she may get some comfort from that, instead of having a lawyer she has nt dealt with initial it.
she is very conscientious about what she signs, and who initials what.
is the attached form the final final form
where and to whom do you want it faxed
thanks,
kay
since it will be janet signing, it will probably be better to have the initials on the pages first.
either fax or someone else works fine.
let me know which is easier and we can coordinate.
gregg
kay mann
10262000 1126 am
i m still at home.
i ll be in tomorrow.
i have a fax machine at home, though, if you prefer.
otherwise, we can see who we can scare up at the office, or you can have laura sign and i ll initial later.
which do you prefer
kay
are you in the office to initial signature pages today
if not, is there someone else that will
i know that jeff is in portland.
gregg
kay mann
10262000 1107 am
if jeff is happy, i m happy.
kay
hello
i spoke with jeff hodge yesterday regarding the additional language from peoples regarding audit rights.
his initial reaction was that their request was probably reasonable and in line with the spirit of a jointly owned l.l.c.
however, he did suggest a couple slight revisions to protect enron s interests.
1  highlighting that information will only be provided that is related to enovate and2  that each designated representative should sign an appropriate confidentiality agreement.
this language has been included in the attached draft.
my goal, however optimistic, is to execute the risk policy by the end of today.
activity is picking up dramatically and the fine line is getting further blurred each passing day.
therefore, i need to know asap if there are any problems with the draft as written.
otherwise, i will be sending it to peoples as our final revision by mid morning.
thanks for your prompt attention to this.
thanks,
gregg
gregg penman
10232000 1212 pm
kay
can you please review this additional language to the risk management policy  or circulate to jeff hodge
in light of the ca regarding curves, i am slightly concerned with a blanket statement essentially giving peoples unlimited access to information.
i know that we address audit rights in the llc agreement so this may not matter anyway if this is a right they already have.
let me know what you think.
thanks,
gregg
m.nordstrompecorp.com
10202000 1132 am
attached please find the latest enovate risk policy.
our attorneys and internal audit area have made one language revision concerning section xiii audit rights.
mary
mehrisk oct 20
mehrisk oct 20.doc
i m working on it now.
maybe we  enron  could review it tomorrow morning, then send it to fce.
i can meet around 1000.
that way, we can get it to them in time for weekend review.
does that work
kay
it was good to hear from you
we had a nice thanksgiving here too.
it s funny, because usually it s just me, mom, craig and danelia, and danelia does nt really like roasted turkey or roast beef  not that she would say it to me  , so there is not just the same joy in cooking it would be elsewise.
it was good having the girls down.
we played a new version of uno called  african uno  that was complex, fast and at times, physically challenging.
it s not for the meek.
it was incredible what a good player alena was.
she had her cards memorized as well as everyone else s  when you play you ll see why you can know everyone else s hands  .
i expect craig did nt want mom to see his place because it was messy.
i think compared to my house, he s embarrased about his apartment.
then, also, he s got so much stuff in there right now, that i do nt know how he s going to fit baby stuff.
they would only give him a6 month lease when he renewed his lease last month because they do nt want3 people in that small apartment.
so he s going to have to start looking for another place.
and his apartment is so run down down i m afraid roaches might be crawling over the baby.
i guess mom is going to come back down sometime in march or april to see the new baby.
you ll have to come visit to check out my new house.
the upstairs  guest suite  is pretty neat.
it s got its own bathroom and tv, and is pretty cozy.
as far as the call with uncle ben goes, if he was thrilled to hear from me i could nt tell by his voice.
it was a pretty stilted conversation for both of us.
but, i guess, it s a start ...
i ve already made my xmas plans.
i leave the evening of the 21st, my flight comes in about 10 pm, and leave the morning of the 27th at6 am.
it s good chatting with you.
keep in touch
kyle.jonesradianz.com
11292000 0507 pm
tana,
i do nt understand, what do you mean by  log in an email
anyway, i got you message, and i got the world series thing  although i had already received
chris and ben did a marvelous job for thanksgiving, i can testify that it was one of the best thanksgiv8ing dinners i ve ever had  i not gon na tell them that, i do nt want them getting swell heads .
ma said she had a great time in houston, she was happy to see yourself, as well as c  d.
i think she likes her special room in your house.
you r gon na be the first to see the new baby  woud nt it be wierd if the baby gets botn on jan 5th
why did nt craig show ma his appartment
what do you think about your phone ocnversation with unlce ben  he was almost shocked
are you coming for xmas
got ta go for now.
love ya.
kyle

harrison  kyle jones technical solutions engineer

radianz 1251 avenue of the americas 7th floor new york, ny 10016 usa phone 1  212  8994425 fax 1  212  8994310 cell 1  917  8597187 email  kyle.jonesradianz.com

see our web page at  httpwww.radianz.com

tana.jonesen    ron.com       11292000    0434 pm

hey, mr. computer, you ca nt log an email in to your sister
kyle.jonesra
return receipt
your world series in question document  was received kyle jones  us  americas  equant by  at  010051 pm today
you can take my assistant taffy milligan off these emails again.
thanks
adnan patelenron
11292000 0449 pm
attached are the gcp signoffs on eol approvals for 112900 with gcp responses marked in red.
adnan patel
bradley diebnerect
11292000 0431 pm
regards,
bd
attached is the referenced agreement.
let me know if the notice information is ok with you.
if so, i ll get it signed by craig breslau today, then bring it to you for countersignature.
thinking about that, what s your title
i m not sure you have the authority to sign documents wo special authority ...
no, it does not mean that.
adding all the enron  specified entities  would only make a default under a financial transaction with those other enron entities a default under this agreement.
our concern is that we do nt want any trading related defaults to ever trigger a default under a loan transaction which has a swap as a component.
richard sage
11302000 1052 am
if you do add all the entities, does that mean that we would not need to put in place a separate agreement for eccl
with respect to deutsche bank   db  , we have one credit issue remaining, db would like us to add all the enron trading entities db trades with as specified entities under the isda master agreement and we are somewhat hesitant to do so, as this could potentially roll up swaps under structured loan transactions into a default under the isda agreement.
sara and bill bradford in credit are supposed to talk to the db credit people about this remaining issue.
with respect to first union national bank, the draft we were working from was so old that they agreed to look at our current form of agreement which was sent to them on 11800 for review.
sara is working on that with susan bailey, another paralegal in our group.
denis oconnell
11222000 0605 am
tana
can you please give me an update on where you are in the negotiations of the isda with the following counterparties and confirm which enron entity you are negotiating on behalf of.
tks,
denis
first union national bank
deutsched bank ag
i spoke to mark taylor about your signing authority, and he agrees that you do not have the authority to execute documents on your own, but as long as you are only cosigning documents signed by an authorized officer as a control measure we re ok.
susan, joe,
the referenced tagg  was entered as a  new counterparty , can you please let me know what counterparty this is so we can correctly assess the counterparty exposure.
thank you,
russell
hey there yourself,
sorry i have nt written you guys in a while to keep you properly updated.
i am indeed checking on flights to seoul and do nt think i m going to go at exactly the same time as my parents.
as much fun as they are, i figured we would probably do some different things than what you have planned for them.
as for ted, things are still going well although i have nt see him at all this week  we are two very busy people .
but, we had a great laid back day last saturday and i think have hit that comfortable stage ... you know, not quite so formal about dates etc.
in one sense it s great, but it also makes things a lot harder to read.
anyway, i m sure my mom told you guys but travis and kathy got to meet him and i think it went well.
hopefully, if we re still dating come december, you and chuck can meet him when you come back to visit.
i m planning on dragging him to at least one of the u.t. games, i just have to find out when he wants to go  as well as properly prepare him for the scott  kelley  parks  wild card gang and the full  day affair that is a u.t. game .
things in houston are good and definitely warm.
i went with emily and her mom last night to see the musical  rent  and it was wonderful.
also, i m going out to san diego for the labor day weekend to visit hoot s daughter julie.
needless to say i am very excited.
talk to you guys soon,
susan
hey girlie,
how are you doing
have nt heard from you in a while.
a little birdie told me that you were checking into tickets for seoul.
are you really
would you come with your parents or separately
in any case, we have had some more time to do some exploring  and shopping , so we have some good ideas about what to do if you come.
i think that we will stay in korea when your parents come and do the whole base thing  which will take only a few minutes, actually , but are considering going to china or somewhere during part of thanksgiving.
we ll do whatever you want want if you still are coming
let us know the latest with ted and also with what s going on in houston.
take care,
chris

do you yahoo
send instant messages  get email alerts with yahoo messenger.
httpim.yahoo.com
hey tonto  a.k.a  the trusty, but silent, side  kick to the lone ranger or in this case the big d
the play was very good and i think well received.
i d forgotten how blown away i was by some of the songs the first time i saw it in ny.
the cast members really have to have incredibly powerful voices to pull off a few of the most poignant numbers  i think this could be your true calling .
i caught the third day of corey s jeopardy run last night here at the office  yes, i had to come back after the play ... i love my job  .
anyway, i m sure i d mentioned it before but yes she is a very smart girl.
as a result of that, she has managed on several occasions over the years to detract from my enjoyment of playing trivial pursuit or watching jeopardy by absolutely obliterating me  the girl actually did her senior thesis on trivia .
kori told me she saw you last night at steak night and introduced herself since i failed to do so the last time we went.
i should let you know though that she was very offended this morning that you did nt spell her name right in the email  i mean it s such a common spelling.
so was darren there last night to meet her or do you just think they d make a good match
she s a very fun girl.
hope you day is going well and that the move to 30 went off without a hitch.
good luck with all of the  fun  meetings.
shorty
due to the lack of response yesterday, i m beginning to worry about your success with the road test ...
i m going to assume that you did nt get around to it.
ted noble
08172000 1005 am
how was the play
i forgot to tell you that i saw your friend on a rerun jeopardy the other night and i almost called you but it came on at 1130.
smart girl.
i ran into corey last night at lw s and i am thinking this is a girl for darren.
anyway, lots of fun meetings today.
i ll talk to you later.
maybe you should ignore the sentiment of the quote i sent earlier ...
i think you may be adhering to it too faithfully.
at this rate we may have to start pinning notes to your shirt to remind you to do things.
however, having driven with you on several occasions i feel confident you will be able to pass the test with flying colors.
keep in mind though that if you end up failing i will not let you forget it  and, as we have established, i have the memory of an elephant .
i ll keep discussion of me to a minimum and just say that things are well on 32.
now back to what s really important ... you.
thought you d like to know that the dixie chicks are coming back to houston dec. 12 and will performing just down the street from you at the compaq center ... it s all about you and your needs.
ted noble
08162000 1056 am
aaaaaggghhhhhh ...
i just found out that i need to take the tx driver s exam both written and on the rode.
this is a two day process and all because i let my ca license expire.
i know i need some of your organizational skills.
i may try to run out and take the test this afternoon while i get moved to 30  i better not fail it .
how s life on 32 today  well that s enough about you let s talk more about me.
there is no pleasure in having nothing to do  the fun is in having lots to do and not doing it.
mary little
bob bowen
07142000 0358 pm
note that the no  out  version requires us to pay the premium on tuesday
gilbergdsullcrom.com
07142000 0218 pm
as we discussed, the following is revised disclosure regarding direct access to deal with the cost issue
enrononline will assist users, upon request, in arranging for the connection of  t1  lines or other means of direct access to enrononline, as an alternative to internet access.
direct access connections might enable users to access enrononline more quickly than is currently possible through internet access.
please call if you want to discuss.
have a good weekend.
this email is sent by a law firm and contains information that may be privileged and confidential.
if you are not the intended recipient, please delete the email and notify us immediately.
the least we can do is pass this news along.
is there anyone else we should tell
ted bockius  ted.bockiusivita.com
07172000 0221 pm
fyi ... it sound like bobby is in serious condition.
thanks,
sharon
i think they ll send us another update once he s out of emergency and into a room.
then it s real easy to call ben taub to find out a room number. the address is below.
it does nt sound like he can receive visitors yet.
a.
thanks for the heads up.
do you know the address to send cards
do you know if bobby can see visitors
some of the folks here would like to know.
thanks,
sharon
thought you might like to know.
amy cornell compaq cpcg marketing p  2815189526 f  2815181081 amy.cornellcompaq.com  mailtoamy.cornellcompaq.com  mailtoamy.cornellcompaq.com
jann, phoned this morning and asked me to pass this information to the group, concerning bobby riggins.
bobby is a member of a bicycle team, while cycling this weekend, he and other members of his team were injured by a truck.
there was one death in the injured group and the others with major injuries.
bobby is one of those with major injuries.
he is currently in the emergency room at ben taub hospital.
ben taub hospital is located at 1504 taub loop, houston, texas, phone number  7137932000.
he can not accept calls, visits or flowers at this time, since he is in the emergency room.
an update will be emailed, as soon as one is available.
keep bobby, his team members and their families in your prayers.
rosario gonzales administrative assistant essg cca15, 150301, 153b09 2815143183 rosario.gonzalescompaq.com  mailtorosario.gonzalescompaq.com  mailtorosario.gonzalescompaq.com
i think it s a good idea since the provisional application is on file  travis is the internal lawyer who has taken care of the patent application so he will have better ideas for where the words should be placed and appropriate look and feel  i would guess near the copyright notice and roughly equivalent size .
david forsterenron
07172000 0615 pm
mark,
we are thinking of adding a patent pending message to key enrononline pages  like the homepage .
can you offer comments  concerns  guidelines
dave
does it make sense for us to set up a meeting with you participating from buenos aires
i m not sure we have much to tell them at this stage  actually, i m sure i do nt have anything new to report but if you do that would be fine with me.
patrick hansenenron
07172000 0428 pm
michael and myself are planing to be in hoston on thursday and friday of this week.
we intend to see as many people as possible regarding eol implementation.
we will meet dave forster and his team among others.
we would like to fit a meeting with you as a group or individually.
please let me know about your availability and if it is possible to meet with more than one of you in one place.
thank you
fyi
david forsterenron
07172000 0234 pm
further background
argentina intend to press ahead even given the concern about taxes, etc.
they wish to launch on sept.1  meaning we will need to be sending mailings sometime around midaugust.
dave
leonardo pacheco
07172000 0850 am
mark,
just wanted to know were we stand on the eta and pa for argentina
thanks for your help
leonardo pacheco ext. 39938
if you need more, there is a proposal from the documentation committee for a new alternative for calculating termination amounts  we heard about it in amsterdam  that i think will be particularly attractive to the energy markets.
i do nt know where this stands officially  i have nt heard any developments since amsterdam  but i can find out from bob pickle if you want.
mark e haedicke
07182000 0858 am
we should include isda energy definitions, cftc matters re energy and an overview of power deregulation developments in north america.
i might also add a few items about international developments and the eei physical power trading form.
i am thinking4 slides at the most.
is that what you want
mark
current plan
days away  sept. 21 through oct.3  assuming you work on the day we leave and go back to work the day after we return
9 work days
wed. sept. 20  leave houston around 600 pm
thur. sept. 21  arrv. london early a.m., transfer to flight to nice
arrv. nice around noon
rent car  drive to first hotel  less than1 hour away   collapse
fri. sept. 22  stay in same hotel, visit monaco, nice
sat. sept. 23  drive to st. tropez  through nice, cannes  other coastal towns, check  in mid afternoon
sun. sept. 24  st. tropez
mon. sept. 25  st. tropez
tue. sept. 26  drive to nice, return car, fly to paris
wed. sept. 27  paris
thur. sept. 28  paris  versailles or fontainbleu  half day side trip
fri. sept. 29  paris  giverny  monet s gardens 3 4 day side trip
sat. sept. 30  paris
sun. oct.1  paris to london in afternoon  probably by eurostar train   arrv. london late afternoon
mon. oct.2  london  meetings for clh
tues. oct.3  fly london to houston  lv. around noon, arrv. around 430 pm
to make matters even more confusing, there are two mark taylors.
i believe the message you forwarded to me belongs to the mark taylor at ei  based in london .
unfortunately, i ca nt forward your message to him directly  there seems to be a problem with the attachment .
if you still have it, can you send it to him at  mark ei.london taylor
i will take care of it.
thanks for the reminder.
ladies,
enclosed is a worksheet for ineos acrylics.
ineos is an english company which has a majority of its operations in the us.
note that the credit thresholds are in us , but the macs are designated in british pounds.
please send the draft to troy black and he will forward to the cp.
please deliver a copy to me as well.
have a great weekend.
max
file  ineos.xls
robbi
i left you a voice mail on friday.
i looked at the uecomm master and had some comments  such as our name is wrong, the cross default threshold for us should be us  and not aud, and there were a few other questions i had.
marie
hi,
attached are uecomm s final comments to the master agreement.
john suttle has okd anthony s latest request w  r. t. the csa.
could you please send an executable version of the contract to fred, david, john and me tomorrow
if they re ok with it, we d like to execute it as soon as possible unless there are any objections.
thanks
pat
pat,
please find attached the enron master agreement.
i have inserted the company details of uecomm as requested.
i have also amended the timeframes in the credit support annex to 10 days instead of2 days.
clauses2 3 .
i have tracked all changes for ease of reference.
if these amendmnets are agreeable to you can you please print and arrange for execution.
if you have any questions please do not hesitate to give me a call.
regards,
anthony sill legal counsel uecomm limited 126 trenerry crescent abbotsford, vic 3067. ph.  03  9221 4101 fax.  03  9221 4193 mob. 0417 575 920
enron  uc master agreement  0308.doc
turn up your sound a bit.
reminder
conference call with coned at 100 today in sara s office  eb 3801a.
nick
attached for your further handling is the draft form deemed isda between ena and ispat mexicana s.a. de c.v.
please note that the economic provisions have been omitted.
please let me know if you have any questions or need anything else.
marie x33907
tana
here s info on the elliotts.
marie
congratulations
we ve been asking everyday if anyone had heard if the  babies elliott  had arrived.
glad to hear that they are all healthy and were a good size, and that mom is doing well.
look forward to seeing pictures of the little ones.
i know you all are going to have so much fun with them.
hope you ve been storing up sleep, cause it looks like you wo nt be getting much for a while.
again, congratulations.
these three little ones do nt realize how lucky they are to have such a nice dad, but i m sure they ll find out soon.
take care
marie
ladies and gentlemen,
this is just to let you know that emma gave birth at week 34 on friday, 6th july, to our triplets
benjamin james  at 12.45 pm 3 lbs4 ozs
toby william  12.46 pm 4 lbs
hannah may  12.48 pm 3 lbs 15 ozs.
although small, they are all  fully functioning  and very well  they are in the lowest level of special care  and they will probably be in there for another two to four weeks  until they can feed properly and maintain their weights.
emma is fine, too  very well
all the best and kind regards
mark
oops
attached are the fax cover pages for each of the nylon and polykron deemed isdas i just sent you.
marie
rebecca
i am attaching a clean and blacklined version of the proposed resolutions authorizing the opening of brokerage accounts.
i have attempted to revise them to make them clearer.
perhaps jim armogida can assist in revising them as i am sure he is more familiar with the way enron corp. likes their resolutions drafted than we are.
let me know if you have any questions or need anything else.
marie x33907
turn up your sound a bit.
hi, liz
thanks
marie
marie heard senior legal specialist
ms. marquez
i am following up regarding the status of our comments to the form of guaranty for pemex that you provided to lucy ortiz.
please do not hesitate to contact either francisco pinto  leite or me with any questions or comments.
we look forward to hearing your comments.
marie heard senior legal specialist
ms. marquez
attached are an original and blacklined copy of your form of guaranty, which reflect our comments.
please do not hesitate to contact either francisco pinto  leite, senior counsel  7133457942  francisco.pinto.leiteenron.com  or me with any questions or comments.
thank you for your assistance.
marie heard senior legal specialist
tanya
i received this draft from niagara mohawk marketing, inc. for our review.
will you pass along to the appropriate person
thanks
marie
marie
per our conversation yesterday afternoon, attached are proposed drafts of the schedule and the para. 13 relative to the above.
having spoken with dennis goldmann, i am advised that there are currently2 guaranties in place in the sum of 8 m each  one by niagara mohawk holdings inc f  b  o enron, and one by enron inc. f  b  o niagara mohawk energy marketing.
i am told that our respective credit departments want to raise the credit lines to  10 m for each party, but to effect that we will have to modify the existing guaranties accordingly.
let me know if this is your understanding, as well.
after you have had the chance to review the attached, please send me a marked  up draft and we can discuss our concerns from there.
should you have any questions, feel free to call me.
i can be reached at 3154603344.
any credit concerns can be discussed with dennis goldmann, who can be reached at 3154603349.
i look forward to hearing from you.
patty snyder
see attached file  enron  schedule  nmemdrft8701  .doc   see attached file  enron  para13  nmemdrft8701  .doc
enron  schedule  nmemdrft8701  .doc
enron  para13  nmemdrft8701  .doc
hi marie
did you get a chance to find those gtcs for ena that you can forward this way
thanks, i know you are busy.
tracy
jeff
attached are the draft schedule to the isda master agreement, together with paragraph 13 to the isda credit support annex.
i am putting the credit worksheet on the fax machine to you as soon as i send this message.
let me know if you have any questions or need anything else.
marie x33907
hi everyone,
i just got of the phone with hai and he told me how to make an adjustment on a day to day basis in regards to incorrect liquidations but he also explained this is just to make the daily pl s right, if nothing were done the month end pl would still somehow work out because adjustments would be made.
does this mean that for june and for a certain portion of july we should not do anything and just make adjustments on a going forward basis  and assume everything will work out at month end
if this is the case i would like someone to walk me through june to see if the numbers did really work themselves out as there was a large swing in second order on june 29 that was not adjusted for.
let me know if one of you could help me do this.
karim.
evidently, this a problem that stacey white has been aware of for a couple of months now.
there was a change made in the coding for the delta position and this has somehow messed up the liq value.
john
john, karim,
i m now looking closely at the option liquidation problems.
i believe that there might be a sign  flipping problem for puts that s causing this whole issue.
i ll keep you posted.
karim  this s likely the explanation to your other question ...
i ll get back to you as soon as i have more info  hopefully later today
marcelo l. meira sr it developer enron networks  houston, tx  713  3453436
the post id i am looking at for calgary is 11608.
i am looking at the option liquidation report and all of the  65 puts are in the money and the  75 call is also in the money.
should nt all the liquidation values from the beginning of the month be a negative  representing positive liquidation  for the puts
the liq value for the call is correct.
john
karim,
i do nt want to wait till month end, let s adjust the numbers now and for the june 29 2nd order, let s take that value into june since it relates to july puts.
hi everyone,
i just got of the phone with hai and he told me how to make an adjustment on a day to day basis in regards to incorrect liquidations but he also explained this is just to make the daily pl s right, if nothing were done the month end pl would still somehow work out because adjustments would be made.
does this mean that for june and for a certain portion of july we should not do anything and just make adjustments on a going forward basis  and assume everything will work out at month end
if this is the case i would like someone to walk me through june to see if the numbers did really work themselves out as there was a large swing in second order on june 29 that was not adjusted for.
let me know if one of you could help me do this.
karim.
evidently, this a problem that stacey white has been aware of for a couple of months now.
there was a change made in the coding for the delta position and this has somehow messed up the liq value.
john
john, karim,
i m now looking closely at the option liquidation problems.
i believe that there might be a sign  flipping problem for puts that s causing this whole issue.
i ll keep you posted.
karim  this s likely the explanation to your other question ...
i ll get back to you as soon as i have more info  hopefully later today
marcelo l. meira sr it developer enron networks  houston, tx  713  3453436
the post id i am looking at for calgary is 11608.
i am looking at the option liquidation report and all of the  65 puts are in the money and the  75 call is also in the money.
should nt all the liquidation values from the beginning of the month be a negative  representing positive liquidation  for the puts
the liq value for the call is correct.
john
unable to attend at that time due to a prior appointment, i can meet with you individually later some time
ok, now that i ve got your attention  i really am offering free lunch
i would like to informally get together with you on wednesday, july 18 at 1145 am  100 pm  max  to talk about your recruiting experience with enron canada.
we re gearing up for our 2001  02 recruiting campaign and we think your experience will help us define what works best and what can be improved in our process.
for those of you in toronto, i apologize for not being able to schedule this over your lunch time
however, if you can wait til 200 pm to eat, go ahead and grab something and expense it
we ll hook you guys in by videoconference.
i ve booked videoconference room 1.
please let me know whether or not you can attend so i can order enough food.
thanks
should be ok
kindly confirm your availability to attend an analyst and associate recruiting meeting scheduled for thursday, july 26th at 200 p.m.  400 p.m. toronto time .
this meeting should not take more than one hour.
the toronto office will be video conferenced in.
regards,
nella
let s try before fri, as i am planning to take that day off
attached is the revised draft paper that reflects our conference call with bob fagan earlier this week.
i propose we have a conference call with bob fagan on fri july 20 at 100 pm calgary time to discuss any areas of concern  confusion you may have.
also, would those of you who have not responded to me via email confirming your acceptance of the terms upon which our four companies have agreed to assume cost responsibility for the tca work on this.
attached is the letter i originally sent to you on may 10 in this regard.
file  tabors conflict letter alberta export 050901.doc
regards,
rob
rob,
this draft reflects the changes we discussed during our call the other day.
i ve also included a redlined draft showing changes.
regards,
bob
alberta transmission access and pricing analysis0712 .doc
alberta transmission access and pricing analysis0712 redlined .doc
alberta transmission access and pricing analysis0712 .doc  file  alberta transmission access and pricing analysis0712 .doc
alberta transmission access and pricing analysis0712 redlined .doc  file  alberta transmission access and pricing analysis0712 redlined .doc
no
hi john,
with reference to article5, section 5.1  b , are we going to propose an alternative planned outage to tau for next year
thanks,
mike
katie kaplan   kaplaniepa.com
10272000 0620 pm
please respond to kaplan
greetings
iep will be hosting a dinner for california governor gray davis on thursday, december7, 2000 at the historic julia morgan house in sacramento.
we will be targeting to raise at least  100,000 so company contributions will range from  10,000   20,000 per person   10 k minimum per person  depending on the number of respondents.
we have already received firm commitments from3 companies.
if you are interested in attending please email me as soon as possible.
a formal invitation will follow to those who respond.
we need responses or direction by no later than cob on monday, october 30, 2000.
please contact me with any questions.
thank you,
katie kaplan manager of policy iep  916  4489499
congratulations.
everyone is extremely pleased that you re joining.
best of luck and very much looking forward to working together.
best,
jeff
i ll believe it when i see it.
seems like a good idea to keep the heat on hoecker  co. right up until nov.1.
thanks.
i m glad they want to follow  up with steve  i ve been pushing it  and i ve got some follow  up as well based on chats i had in the afternoon on friday with folks postcall.
let s regroup on monday.
i ll be in portland but can call you.
best,
jeff
jeremy meier  jermeierearthlink.net
10292000 1148 am
jeff
fyi, we had an instructive rest of the conference call on friday with sue and robbie et al.
they indicated they could use steve s help face to face at some point.
we are following up with sue and robbie on a couple legal issues, case law and msa self  certification language, and let me know if you have additional items.
we await approval on the final tariff language and can then file at the cpuc.
let me know what schedule works for you.
also, can you confirm the correct names, email addresses, titles for those new folks on friday s call  robbie rossi, michelle, melissa lloyd
thanks.
jeremy meier blumenfeld  cohen
attached for your review are draft talking points for the cal energy markets conference i m speaking at on thursday in sf.
all comments, suggestions, etc. are appreciated.
thanks.
yes, i would like to participate.
thanks.
thanks a million.
talk to you then.
lara leibmanenron communications
10312000 0348 pm
here s the info for calling in  thanks
lara
angie buis
103100 0217 pm
the call  in number and instructions for the 112 830 a.m. meeting are as follows
everyone will dial the toll free number 18773316867.
all the outside participants will be prompted to enter their access code, which is 600480.
wayne, your access code  room 4434  after dialing the toll free number will be 857771.
i have asked for4 outside ports and should anyone else need to join in, they may do so with the access code and without operator assistance.
the duration of the call is 3.5 hours.
the call will terminate once everyone has hung up.
please let me know if any of you need additional information.
thanks.
angie buis ebs  tax x37097
attached for your review are copies of the settlement documents that were filed today in the gas industry restructuring  natural gas strategy proceeding, including the motion for approval of the comprehensive settlement that is supported by thirty signatories to the comprehensive settlement, the comprehensive settlement document itself, and the various appendices to the settlement.
because a number of the declarations and signature pages are not yet available electronically, they have not been included with this note.
hard copies of the comprehensive settlement, including all declarations and signature pages, are being shipped tonight via us mail to all parties on the service list.
additional printed copies should be available within the next day or so and i will make them available to all of you  just let me know how many copies you need.
i would like to thank all of the parties who participated in this settlement process.
you have all devoted considerable time, resources and spirit in the preparation of this document  and it shows.
we now have a settlement before the commission that includes ratepayer advocates, commercial and industrial customers, electric generators, marketers, shippers, independent storage providers, gas suppliers, producers, utilities, aggregators, pipeline companies, wholesale customers, municipalities, and retail mass marketers, among others.
while we should be proud of our accomplishment, we now must turn to the task of getting our testimony ready by may5 deadline.
assignments have already been made and i will schedule a conference call later this week to discuss related details.
so much for resting on our laurels.
once again, thank you all for an outstanding accomplishment.
ld2d693661.doc   ld2d693451.doc    ld2d693971.doc   ld2d693961.doc   ld2d693771.xls   ld2d693811.doc   ld2d693661.doc   ld2d693361.xls   primary rights 412 .doc   ld2d693341.doc   ld2d693451.doc
ld2d693661.doc
ld2d693451.doc
ld2d693971.doc
ld2d693961.doc
ld2d693771.xls
ld2d693811.doc
ld2d693661.doc
ld2d693361.xls
primary rights 412 .doc
ld2d693341.doc
ld2d693451.doc
severin borenstein
e.t. grether professor of business administration and public policy director haas school of business u.c. energy institute university of california 2539 channing way berkeley, ca 947201900 berkeley, ca 947205180  p  5106423689  p  5106425145  f  7078852508 httpwww.ucei.berkeley.eduucei email  borenstehaas.berkeley.edu www  httphaas.berkeley.eduborenste
attached is a rough draft of my talking points for a panel i ll be on at a cem conference in sf on thursday afternoon.
have distributed to western ga team  plus steffes  for comment and thought you may have some, too.
topic for panel,  puc priorities.
goal is to  politely   refute loretta lynch s and carl woods  continued assertions that1  california s move to deregulate was based solely on ideology with no basis in fact and2  the solution is to turn back the clock to command  and  control regulation.
the ferc order tomorrow is likely to alter the points somewhat.
comments are much appreciated.
best,
jeff
chris
as we discussed yesterday, laird and i spoke and we think that the presentation is good to go for thursday.
we ll need to update the numbers for the offer we made to s.d. last week.
you had mentioned that you might want to include a shaped product.
you still considering it
let us know and we can add it, and make any other changes you d like to make at this end.
my flight gets into s.d. at at 835 on southwest.
best,
jeff
sandi sez it s actually happening at 10 am and it s renewable  focused.
david forster
03082000 0945 am
fyi
dear justin
marly asked me to respond to you.
as you know, the suffix online is purely descriptive and now used by many companies.
therefore, any trade mark registration that incorporates the word online as a suffix in the way that you use it will not enable its owner to prevent others from using the word online.
given the above, if you have adequate protection for the word enron  which covers the services that you offer on  line as well as your core activities , i d say that another application for the words enron online is probably unnecessary.
however, if you use a particular logo for the on  line service, that should be registered.
i hope the above is clear.
jonathan day
marly,
if you could respond to me on this request, thanks
justin
paul goddard
08032000 1135
can one of you give me a quick call to discuss.
i m  x37047.
thanks.
i believe we are to some extent already protected with  enron  proceeded with anything, but enrononline  tm , etc. just affords us more protection.
i assume this is akin to why mcdonald s trademarks  mc  everything
david forster
08032000 0150
paul,
can you please give me a call to discuss trademarking
i.e. are we covered if we proceed a word with  enron
e.g.  enroneauction.
if we are covered, then was it necessary to register enrononline
thanks,
dave

this message is confidential.
it may also be privileged or otherwise protected by work product immunity or other legal rules.
if you have received it by mistake please let us know by reply and then delete it from your system  you should not copy the message or disclose its contents to anyone.

per my conversation with edmund this morning, we are moving the following countries to the nonapproved list  austria, belgium, croatia, czech republic, denmark, poland, portugal, romania, singapore, and slovenia.
below is the list, now updated to reflect this change.
jurisdictions which are are approved to trade credit derivatives  finland, germany, norway, sweden, switzerland, the u.k, and the u.s..
jurisdictions which are not approved to trade credit derivatives include  austria, belgium, canada, croatia, czech republic, denmark, france, gibraltar, ireland, italy, poland, portugal, romania, scotland, singapore, slovenia, spain, and the netherlands.
for banks incorporated in a nonapproved jurisdiction, it may be possible for them to trade out of a branch located in an approved jurisdiction  i.e. u.s. and u.k. branches .
this would have to be determined on a case by case basis.
please let me know if there are any changes to this list.
sent by  nella cappelletto
yes, we should add compliance with otc derivatives and  or commodity contracts and qualified party requirements of the securities act  alberta , securities act  british columbia  and securities act  ontario .
thanks,
peter
with regard to our annual review of this list of laws we need to comply with, do we not want to add the canadian provinces new  eligible swap participant  equivalant rules
molly harris
03082000 0537 pm
please find attached credit s eol responses for 3800.
regards
molly
you are the best
why does it always have to be my deals ...
we ve received a personal invitation to a nymex crawfish boil on april3 at 500 at garden in the heights at 3926 feagan.
the cause of this celebration is the 10th anniversary of the nat gas futures contract.
it would be nice if shankman and john arnold could attend.
perhaps you can give them a personal invitation ...
we have received the amendment to the bc gas isda master executed by bc gas, which adds the canadian securities representation, so we do nt have to add the rep into every confirm.
bc gas wo nt sign the confirms with the rep in, and this has caused much difficulties.
i am going to count it as signed, since bc gas has signed, but we still need it to be signed by ecc.
can you get it signed asap and back to me.
much thanks.
we have received the executed amendment to the subscription agreement with weathertrade, inc. dated march2, 2000.
this amendment amends the transaction fee referenced in subparagraph  c  of the fee schedule to the subscription agreement.
copies will be distributed.
updating another blue file because susan b., this time, has not updated it to reference mergers  name changes
it appears you missed some cpys on the referenced list because tom had the freeze panel button on, and you probably did nt see them at first.
i did nt either until i clicked on the down button and they popped up.
when you have a minute, i ll give me a call and i ll come around and show you how to unfreeze the panel.
i spoke to edmund to get the scoop on what we are going to be doing on the confirms for credit derivatives, and he said that his current understanding is that all of the confirms will be done out of london.
i communicated that to bob bowen.
he also said that london was going to be hiring 120 people to deal with the credit derivatives business.
wow
carol, will you handle this or mark
tori kuykendall
03092000 0351 pm
hi mark
i m a gas trader on the west desk and one of my customers had some issues with our electronic trading agreement.
the company is arco products, adn their comments are on the attached file.
could you take a look at this and give me an update.
thanks.
torrey, as promised i have attached arco s suggested revisions to the enron online trading agreement.
i look forward to working toward a mutually satisfactory agreement in this new and thorny area of ecommerce contracting.
dave
see attached file  etarevision0307.doc
etarevision0307.doc
we have received the executed first amendment to isda master agreement dated as of december1, 1999.
this amendment adds the british columbia securities act representation to the master.
copies will be distributed.
confirmation desk  you can stop adding the rep to the confirms now.
molly harris
03092000 0539 pm
please find attached credit s eol responses for 3900.
regards,
molly
here s the list with the missing counterparties.
molly harris
03082000 0537 pm
please find attached credit s eol responses for 3800.
regards
molly
yeah
probably ...
i just got a call from dave and frank and they tell me i have a whole week this time to approve the whole counterparty list to trade australian financial power.
i ll need to talk to you about his monday.
hey guys, take monday off
molly harris
03102000 0428 pm
please note credit has no eol responses for 31000.
regards
molly
mike jordan
04042001 0927 am
please find attached the most recent update for merchanting metals.
in summary the planned systems changes and manual substantiation efforts are behind schedule.
additional resources are being allocated and the situation is being closely monitored  both for quarter end signoff and on going operations .
please contact me if you require any additional information
mike
mike jordan
03042001 1629
the intention of the efforts and actions documented in my earlier update  see attached email  was to provide a robust position signoff process for total metal tonnage, spread and brand and location a timely substantiation of stock on balance sheet forward mtm debtors and creditor balances obsf transactional values and a reconciliation of the barclays intercompany account
despite the best efforts of it, continuing problems with the as400 application, a better understanding of the inconsistency between stock reconciliation reports, and concerns over the useability of the outright stock screen enquiry are such that i am currently not confident of delivering sufficient accurate information to aa to satisfy their audit requirements  which at a macro level is the transparent audit trail between stock and forward positions to full accounting values.
consequently i need to inform you of, and  or require your approval for, the following
i will discuss with aa the following
that obsf values within the extended trial balance may be misstated due to data issues  above and beyond existing conversations with aa on model simplifications
that there are reconciling differences between trader position analyses, as400 on screen enquiries and the formal global position report  these differences are at present not understood but would need to be provided to aa within the audit timetable
an outline of the internal balance sheet review process described in my earlier note which must now be reprioritised and rescoped  see mo work
the creation of an incentive payment pool  possibly via personal best awards  for key metals staff who continue to work exceptionally unsociable hours to meet the above stated objectives
the signoff for additional permanent  enron  headcount who will  duplicate  certain key position control processes ultimately replacing some existing traffic staff
a reconciling difference of  15 mm exists between the reported dpr and the final accounting pl as generated on the as400.
we will continue to investigate potential misstatements in the system pl, as a result of data or system valuation problems, within the month end reporting timeframe.
however, this difference may need to be adjusted for following a final review and signoff of system pl values with traders.
the recall of all obsf stock in early april and retention on balance sheet  reduced where economically viable  until positions are fully reconciled and repeatable daily signoff process can be instigated.
middle office work being prioritised is as follows
the stock circularisation initiated for close of business 23rd  with full reconciliation of returns to current system data by traffic  coordination an audit of the stock and forward valuation report for the 30th  replacing planned 23rd review due to system issues , requiring full download of contract detail for later reference
reconciliation of stock movements between 23rd and 30th sample tests of vanilla forward transactions
detailed position analysis of all obsf contracts that must be reconciled to barclays documentation
spreadsheet recalculation of obsf option premium utilising the above manually created position analysis
the circularisation of barclays intercompany account and comparison to our cut off and substantiation analysis
the debtors  creditors partial circularisation initiated for close of business 23rd
i will be in touch directly re the items needing approval
regards
mike
mike jordan
21032001 1820
several related issues have resulted in an increase in the level of operating risk for the merchanting metals business.
complexities surrounding the operation of the off balance sheet facility   obsf   which commenced two weeks before the year end.
the uncertainty generated by the revocation of aa s signoff for the facility late in the year end audit.
the discovery of a number of  bugs  within the as400 merchanting code, arising from the release of obsf designed functionality, which compounded the operational burden of supporting the obsf.
the requirement to amend the operational process and obsf it code as a result of the current renegotiation of the obsf with barclays  and aa .
the senior it developer for merchanting has resigned and been sent on gardening leave.
the corporate requirement to lower working capital usage for the merchanting business irrespective of the above parochial business issues.
various mitigating actions have been and will be taken to provide focus, gain comfort over control levels and to provide assurance to senior management as to the accuracy of the q1 dpr and business balance sheet.
the implementation for sap for the merchanting business has been delayed and effectively decoupled from the higher risk  higher benefit  brokerage implementation  benefit is to provide sole focus on obsf for it merchanting developers.
the ar  ap sap data quality reviews for both businesses are continuing so as to provide a detailed analysis as at end q1.
middle office have instigated a new daily working capital report process tracking cash settlement  funding data to working capital components for all metals businesses.
an enhanced position signoff process will be implemented prior to end q1 covering gross tonnage, spread positions and summarised analyses for brand and locations.
the necessary report functionality should be available within the as400, however contingencies have been initiated to build tactical vba  excel reports outside of the as400 but using as400 data downloads.
user requests for additional as400 functionality and reports have been aggressively prioritised and a code freeze will commence prior to the end of q1 following the delivery of three reports determined as minimum requirements for the support of obsf.
a resubstantiation of the full q1 dpr will be completed by the risk control staff reconciling the full trial balances between q1 open and q1 close
a full internal balance sheet review will be completed within the q1 audit timetable which incorporates
a full circularisation of inventory balances, and matching to source documentation within enron
inspection of certain of the above inventory balances, by third party inspectors, where there is an expectation that circularisation replies will not be received on a timely basis
substantive checks back to source contract documentation for the forward priced and unpriced positions report  spot checking the key position report signed off by the traders
full reconciliation and recalculation of obsf option premium values
full reconciliation of contracts within the obsf to barclays documentation  thereby substantiating existence of stock that we have option to purchase  and to as400 barclays account
a risk based debtors review  matching to source documentation, where applicable, and any subsequent post quarter end cash movements
a full substantiation of creditors to internal  contract commitments  or external documentation  invoices  request for payment
a full reconciliation of intercompany accounts
a full substantive reconciliation of cash and funding accounts
i intend to provide weekly updates on the status of the above actions during april
if you have any questions please call me on x34703
regards
mike
dr. harris
i would like to thank you for personally taking the time to closely review my application.
though i am disappointed with the results i am still determined to attend the texas graduate school of business next year.
i understand how competitive the process has become, but i felt that with my work experiences, recommendations, personality, extracurricular activities, etc. that this would compensate for my disability.
after talking with professors titman, ronn, brown and jemison, i was sure that the school was the right place to get the education i was looking for.
i am still certain that the school is the best place for getting a great graduate  level education, so i want you to know that i am going to do whatever it takes to get in next year.
i plan on taking two or three graduate level finance courses at the university of houston this summer and fall to demonstrate to the admissions committee that i can compete at the graduate level.
i also plan on retaking the gmat test.
due to my disability, this will be a monumental task  but i am determined to prove to the committee that i can be successful at the texas graduate school of business.
i would like to come down to austin this spring to meet with you to further discuss my application file and to personally meet you.
if you think of anything else i can do to strengthen my overall application file for next year, please let me know.
take care and hope to hear from you soon.
sincerely,
ben rogers
professor ronn
i would like to thank you for taking the time to recommend me to the mba program.
in the end, the results were not favorable.
i understand that it is a competitive process, but i felt that with my work experiences, recommendations, extracurricular activities, etc., that this would help my chances and possibly compensate for my disability.
after talking with you and professors titman, brown and jemison, i was sure that ut was the right place to continue learning about energy  finance.
i am still sure that ut is the place for getting an excellent graduate  level education, so i want you to know that i am going to do whatever it takes to get in next year.
i plan on taking two or three graduate level finance courses at the university of houston this summer and fall to demonstrate to the admissions office that i can compete at this level.
i also plan on trying to retake the gmat test.
due to my disability, this will be a monumental task, but i am determined to prove to the admissions commitee that i can excel with the work at the texas university graduate school of business.
thanks again for taking the time to listen and talk with me.
it has been a pleasure meeting you and i hope we can continue to talk about energy and finance in the future.
also, if you can think of anything else i can do to strengthen my overall application file for next year, please let me know.
take care and hope to hear from you soon.
sincerely,
ben rogers
professor titman
i would like to thank you for taking the time to recommend me to the mba program.
in the end, the results were not favorable.
i understand that it is a competitive process, but i felt that with my work experiences, recommendations, extrcurricular activities, etc., that this would help my chances and possibly compensate my disability.
after talking with you and professors ronn, brown and jemison, i was sure that ut was the right place to continue learning about energy  finance.
i am still sure that ut is the place for getting an excellent graduate  level education, so i want you to know that i am going to do what ever it takes to get in next year.
i plan on taking a couple of graduate level finance courses at the university of houston this summer and fall to demonstrate to the admissions office that i can compete at this level.
i also plan on trying to retake the gmat test.
due to my disability, this will be a monumental task, but i am determined to prove to the admissions committment that i can do the work at the texas university graduate school of business.
also, i would like to continue our dialague regarding creating an energy  finance private equity fund at ut.
i know that with my industry  wide and investment banking contacts that i can help raise capital for the fund.
i am very interested in energy  finance and think that your idea is a very good.
thanks again for taking the time to listen and talk with me.
it has been a pleasure to meet with you and i hope we can continue to talk about energy and finance in the future.
also, if you think of anything else i can do to strengthen my overall application file for next year, please let me know.
take care and hope to hear from you soon.
sincerely,
ben rogers
let me know if you have any questions.
thanks
ben
sorry about that, i was working on the teco om costs.
thanks
ben
please send me an excel spreadsheet which depicts the value that you see associated with the heat rate spread option.
i want to make sure that i understand exactly how you propose valuing the transaction and how this value would be booked.
as such, please provide the following detail
will we be valuing  booking a series of monthly call options or a series of daily call options
what power curve are we valuing the deal against  pjm east or west hub
please send me the current fuel curve that you are converting to   mwh to value the deal
what volatilities are you using to value the options  monthly volatilities or intraday volatilities or a blend of the two  if blending please show me what formula you using to blend the two vols
what expiration date are you using, i.e.  for monthly call options the 15th of the relevant month, and for daily options
what correlation are you assuming, 15  flat for twenty years
are you deducting all operating expenses from the value of the option
are you using the  sprdopt  exotic options function to value the option
are you using the   mwh vom dollar amount as your strike
has don provided the fixed payment stream
this stream should be covering both pi and not just principal.
yvan, and ben, please provide answers to these question via written correspondence so that their is limited probability of misunderstanding.
thank you both very much for your time and help thus far.
furthermore, i would like to reiterate that rac s goal, prior to quoting any credit reserve, is to be 100  confident that   i  the methodology that is being employed is consistent among the internal groups  and  ii  the inherent value of the price risk management contracts matches.
this enables rac to manage the associated risk during the life of the transaction both effectively and appropriately.
regards,
christopher
randy, this is the issue i left you the voice mail on.
article6 of the gallup compression services agreement  which i am sending to you separately  with ecs obligates ecs to  work in good faith with cdec  to establish an automated system that would automatically have alerted us to peak loading conditions on cdec s system.
we had a pretty good idea when we signed the contract that ecs would not be able to complete that by the contract start date, so we negotiated a fall back plan under which ecs is obligated to  assist  transwestern  in developing a manual system to accomplish the same result and will hold harmless and keep  transwestern  whole for all cost and expenses  associated with the manual system.
we will fight with them about who owes the  200 k that james mentions below based on their failure to  assist  us in managing the cost.
in the mean time, we need to make sure that we are doing everything we can to get a handle on the situation to mitigate future costs.
do we have someone who is watching this out there
we are running so full tilt on tw that we may not have as much flexibiltiy to manage this situation as we expected, but let me know what we can do.
james had heard that one hold up was the absence of a confidentiality agreement  i guess between ecs and transwestern  that would permit ecs to communicate to us the details on how to access teh key info. from cdec.
that sounds like a bs excuse from ecs, but it that s what they are saying, let me know and we can figure out a solution.
thanks.
df
james centilli
12142000 0249 pm
would you please contact gerald nemec and review the gallup compression service contract in respect to the load control management.
my understanding was that ecs was to provide a means to access cdec s online profile in order for us to make a decision to avoid running the compressor during cdec s peak load periods.
we have not received access to this information which has resulted so far in additional electric cost of  200,987.33 for the period of july through september.
additional cost will be incurred for the remainder of this year, that i have not been able to review yet.
this cost is averaging  79,000 per month if we continue to run the compressor as we have in august and september.
good point, but i m comfortable we re covered because our bidders were all bidding on a chunk of capacity and primary points.
they are deemed to be on notice that they had alternate point rights  it s in the tariff  and if they wanted to submit a bid that had a different rate for primaries and alternates, they could have done so.
none of them did, and most importantly, the winning bidders did not.
our letter agreement simply memorializes that we will charge the same negotiated rate whether the gas flows on primaries or alternates.
i assume from your message you are ok with this and they can get it nailed down
df
i just got done looking at the underlying contract language as set forth in the pro forma service agreement in the tariff and it specifically says that the max rate would apply unless a discount or negotiated rate has been agreed to.
my concern with adding the language below is, could it be argued that not everyone knew the rate would or could apply at any point, since we just stated topack and needles and if they knew they might have bid a different rate
susan scott
01112001 0242 pm
after discussions with the commercial group i propose that that redlined language be added to the attached dynegy agreement and to the4 other negotiated rate agreements we ve done.
if there are any objections you need to get back to me asap.
pls print.
df
in discussion with dave, we thought it would be good to put this together in a format of questions and answers.
however, as you will see, the questions i thought of got kinda long  but i think we need answers for all of them.
one thought is to have just the agenda as a couple topics and then lead in with the first two questions as i ve listed.
please provide me your thoughts asap.
mk
whasssup
here it is.
thanks.
df
here is the attachment ...
attached is my draft of a request for rehearing.
it incorporates mr. stojic s and mr. kelly s initial comments.
please review it and let me know if you have any comments on or before tuesday afternoon  i will be out of the office monday .
thank you
ok.
df
denise lagesse
01122001 1034 am
please approve susan s attached expense report and forward to accounting with a cc  to me.
thanks
forgot to cc you.
df
drew fossum
01122001 0437 pm
ok.
df
denise lagesse
01122001 1034 am
please approve susan s attached expense report and forward to accounting with a cc  to me.
thanks
lou, do we have any sort of policy on requests like this
lee huber made the same request last year and we gave her the chair  she only wanted one, however .
norma, any thoughts
denise lagesse
01122001 0114 pm
susan scott would like authorization to order an aeron chair for each of her offices  on 47 and 41.
this particular chair is designed to help with back problems, which she has.
many people at enron already have this type of chair, but we rarely, if ever, have a surplus because they are so popular.
the cost is  567.77 per chair plus tax.
please approve the purchase of two.
thanks
sorry, i left lou off of the message.
drew fossum
01132001 0945 am
lou, do we have any sort of policy on requests like this
lee huber made the same request last year and we gave her the chair  she only wanted one, however .
norma, any thoughts
denise lagesse
01122001 0114 pm
susan scott would like authorization to order an aeron chair for each of her offices  on 47 and 41.
this particular chair is designed to help with back problems, which she has.
many people at enron already have this type of chair, but we rarely, if ever, have a surplus because they are so popular.
the cost is  567.77 per chair plus tax.
please approve the purchase of two.
thanks
i believe you got a copy of the john sommer letter to producers dated jan6 that mkm s spies intercepted.
she forwarded the sommer letter to stan and discussed it with him.
dari and i vented our aggravation by drafting the attached letter to gibson and kyle complaining of sommer s duplicity, but after tempers cooled, mkm and i decided not to send it to stan or urge him to send a written response.
as it stands, mkm and i will probably bring it up with sommer in ok city and strongly suggest the importance of coordinated communication to the producers.
stan may also bring the letter up orally next time he s on the phonne with gibson or kyle as an example of how not to handle this situation.
yea  it was outstanding news
what a hoss.
ca nt catch you this time but 14721 keep me posted on your next trip.
df
evan
who is responsible for completing all paperwork for entering a new market
is it someone on your team or someone from cec
there have been some issues with getting everything coordinated lately and i wanted to make sure that we knew who was on point.
jim
am i scheduled to attend
jim
the next meeting of the caem board of directors will be held on wednesday, september 12, at the grand hyatt hotel in washington, dc.
the meeting is being held in conjunction with the third meeting of our disco of the future forum.
please visit our newly updated website www.caem.org for more information on the disco forum.
following the board meeting on wednesday, you are invited to join with members of the disco forum for a wednesday evening reception and dinner, including a guest speaker.
board members are also invited to join in the substantive session of the disco forum on thursday, september 13.
because of an international medical convention ongoing in washington at the same time as our meetings, the grand hyatt unfortunately is already booked.
however, we have reserved a block of rooms at the nearby wyndham hotel.
to reserve one of these rooms, you must inform the wyndham staff that you are part of the caem group.
if you should decide to arrange lodging at a different hotel, please do so quickly as there is limited availability in all surrounding hotels.
we will be making the wyndham rooms available to members of the disco forum on july 20.
if you have any questions or require any assistance at all, please contact hope duncan at 202.739.0134 or jeff mangold at 703.729.2710.
we are looking forward to seeing you on september 12.
hotel information
grand hyatt hotel 1000 h street nw washington dc 20001 phone  202.582.1234 or 1.800.233.1234 fax  202.637.4781 website  httpwashington.hyatt.comwasghindex.html
wyndham washington dc 1400 m street nw washington, dc 20005 phone  202.429.1700 or 1.877.999.3223 fax  202.785.0786 website  httpwww.wyndham.comwashingtondcdefault.cfm
correct.
is this correct
if so, i will handle it.
thanks jim.
lora sullivanenron
07192001 0331 pm
dear linda,
we are receiving invoices from ace federal reporters for transcripts of the recent ferc settlement conferences.
linda robertson says they should be charged to jim steffes  cost center, etc.
do you want me to send the invoices to you
let me know.
many thanks.
lora
lora sullivan federal government affairs representative enron 1775 eye street, nw suite 800 washington, dc 20006 2024669142 2028283372  fax  email  lora.sullivanenron.com
embedded picture  device independent bitmap
i m in all week.
jim
can we visit about what went on with ursula at the prc meeting when you catch up
bradley jr, robert l,
a revised version of the evaluation form for associates and analysts is attached below.
please disregard and destroy the form you received on july2, as well as any blank forms retrieved from the pep system prior to that date.
please use the attached for associate and analyst evaluations.
all evaluations for associates and analysts must be completed using this form.
brenner, ursula j.doc  file  brenner, ursula j.doc
jean  thane
can we have a meeting this week  maybe thursday at 330  to discuss this
jim
we do need a formal plan.
we have been working closely together to identify the issues as they develop and propose solutions.
doug has been providing us with the necessary specific market information.
we have been successful in communicating that information to the new commissioners and ercot and seeking resolution.
the commission is definitely more responsive to market participants that are articulating the issue, providing specific examples and proposing the solution.
grand  standing is ignored.
those who show up with complaints but can not point to specifics are virtually ignored.
those who show up and complain, but are not participating in the working groups and the daily ercot phone calls, board meetings, etc. are ignored.
doug and i met with the chairman of puct and have had subsequent conversations.
thane and i also visited with him.
pat wood made a phone call to tom noel and told him to get the texas market fixed.
even though he has bigger things to do in d.c., this is his legacy and he recognizes that if deregulation does not work in texas, the repercussions could be global.
chairman sibley and chairman wolens  of the texas legislature  are also engaged in market developments.
we have been working with the state affairs legislative committee and keeping them apprised.
there is an electric restructuring committee hearing scheduled for september 6th or 7th.
the forum is expected to be invited testimony only.
those currently listed as invitees are puct commissioners and ercot s sam jones and tom noel.
the hearing is focused on the pilot and we have an opportunity to provide some probing questions for wolens to direct to sam and tom.
now that sibley is not a candidate for lt. governor, there is more freedom to open up and ask some difficult questions.
thane is in austin on friday, but is available by phone.
i will be on a plane to houston at 800 a.m.
can we find another time that works for us to meet
thane is in an ercot prs meeting friday from 930 until 300.
i am available after rick s friday budget meeting ... are you available then
you are right, we do need a formal plan, thane has started an initial draft.
thanks, jean
jean  thane
walking out last night, kevin presto indicated that there were games being played in ercot with the new market rules and prices in certain markets were not reflective of working markets.
enron needs to use this situation to quickly get our viewpoints up into the puct and ercot iso on what is driving these problems and our proposed fixes.
if ercot goes the way of california  either due to market power or poor market design rules  it will be a bad day for deregulation and for pat wood.
as important, the new puct commissioners need some help right now in messaging the market.
let s get them to support constructive solutions that will make a real difference.
jean and thane, i think that we need a formal plan on what to do over the next3 6 months to leverage this situation.
i would like to discuss this with you on friday am.
i am free at8 am on friday before rick s budget meeting.
jim
fyi.
you may want to discuss with becky.
jim
as an outgrowth of the meeting leslie and i had with scott and hunter a couple of weeks ago, we have begun work to develop an electronic tool that would allow us to provide ongoing summaries of ferc gas activities, and possibly electric activities, in a format that can be linked to the fundamentals intranet site used by the traders.
we envision a format that would provide a brief summary and analysis of the order, filing, etc. with a link to the source document as well for those who would like more detailed information.
this would replace the paper copies you and your people are currently getting.
many details remain to be worked out, but we will keep you advised.
in the meantime, could you please provide a contact on your side with whom we could discuss technical issues
what do i need to do
jim
vince j kaminskiect
04302001 0228 pm
i am forwarding for your attention the resume of peter percell who has an extensive experience in modeling physical flows of natural gas in pipeline systems.
peter is looking currently for a job.
i met him last week at the meeting of the science and industry advance with mathematics society at the university of houston.
the application of recent developments in optimization theory and numerical methods can help enron to improve further efficiency of our pipeline system and reduce the consumption of compressor fuel.
please, let me know if you interested in introducing peter to executives in your organization.
i shall be glad to make arrangements for an interview.
vince kaminski
peter percell  percellswbell.net  on 04302001 111658 am
i enjoyed your presentation, and meeting you briefly afterwards, at the siam workshop last friday.
i have extensive experience as a technical leader in the design and development of modeling and simulation software products, mostly for the oil and gas pipeline industry.
i am looking for a position that can utilize my software development and mathematical skills.
getting out of the narrow confines of the pipeline simulation industry would be a plus.
please consider whether i might fit in your group.
your answer to a question indicated that i have several of the skills you look for.
also, please let me know, by email, the names and contact information of other managers within enron who might benefit from having someone with my qualifications in their group.
attached are my resume and an addendum covering academic  consulting experience.
publications are available on request.
i will call you in a couple of days to follow up on this email.
thank you for your time.
peter percell 10030 doliver drive percellswbell.net houston, tx 770422016  713  5323836 voice  fax
percell, peter resume only.doc
percell, peter a  c exp.doc
sorry i guess i did nt read it very well.
it s ok with me.
ok.
contact cindy stark to make an appointment.
nasim h khantransredes
04302001 1242 pm
stan
i will be completing my tour of duty in bolivia in september of this year.
i am talking to a number of people regarding opportunities for a new assignment back in houston office.
thought since i will be in houston, stop by your office for few minutes.
nk
stanley hortonenron
04302001 1235 pm
what is the subject matter you wish to visit about
nasim h khantransredes
04302001 0924 am
stan
i will be in houston on may 11th and would like to visit with you in early afternoon if possible.
please let me know what time would work for you.
regards,
nasim khan
i figured this posting belonged to one of you.
please see the message from danny jones.
dannyjonesenroneott.com on 04302001 013956 pm
dear mr. horton,
i have recently been made aware of a help desk analyst job  0000108806 that has become available in your department.
i am currently employed with the aviation department  hangar attendant  of enron and would like to use my past knowledge and experience to persue my goals in the technology feild.
i am asking respectfully if you could give me a recommendation or referral to ets technology department.
anything you could do to help further my goals would be appreciated.
respectfully,
danny jones 2814433744 smithjonesev1.net
i have contacted the relevant people of your interest in the job.
dannyjonesenroneott.com on 04302001 013956 pm
dear mr. horton,
i have recently been made aware of a help desk analyst job  0000108806 that has become available in your department.
i am currently employed with the aviation department  hangar attendant  of enron and would like to use my past knowledge and experience to persue my goals in the technology feild.
i am asking respectfully if you could give me a recommendation or referral to ets technology department.
anything you could do to help further my goals would be appreciated.
respectfully,
danny jones 2814433744 smithjonesev1.net
this is ok by me.
rick looks like a good candidate.
ken riceenron communications
05012001 0348 pm
executive committee
we would like to pursue an offer to rick fehl prior to the next executive committee meeting on may7, 2001.
please forward your comments or questions as soon as possible.
you will find attached the recommendation letter and his resume.
regards,
ken rice  kevin hannon
this is to advise you that we have available, for your business or personal use, stan s four 4  wnba comets tickets.
these seats are in section 104, row d, seats1 4.
their schedule is listed below.
please let me know if you are interested in any of these games.
they will be distributed on a business basis first, then personal use.
preseason game a  saturday, may 12  730 pm vs. miami sol
preseason game b  thursday, may 24  730 pm vs. detroit shock
game1  monday, may 28  200 pm vs. los angeles sparks
game3  monday, june 11  700 pm vs. los angeles sparks
game4  thursday, june 14  730 pm vs. portland fire
game5  sunday, june 17  100 pm vs. utah starzz
game6  tuesday, june 19  730 pm vs. washington mystics
game7  saturday, june 23  300 pm vs. sacramento monarchs
game8  monday, july2  730 pm vs. portland fire
game9  friday, july6  730 pm vs. indiana fever
game 10  sunday, july8  100 pm vs. cleveland rockers
game 11  tuesday, july 24  730 pm vs. utah starzz
game 12  saturday, july 28  1230 pm vs. new york liberty
game 13  monday, july 30  730 pm vs. seattle storm
game 14  friday, august3  730 pm vs. orlando miracle
game 15  monday, august6  700 pm vs. phoenix mercury
game 16  monday, august 13  730 pm vs. minnesota lynx
please note that date and time are subject to change  please check local listings.
thanks,
cindy 7138536197
mailing them to the house iis fine.
it will give us some weekend reading
thanks.
stephen.dyerbakerbotts.com on 05012001 085001 pm
almost done with your drafts.
took me a little longer to review and revise adam s first drafts than i had thought  there s a lot going on here, as you ll see soon .
i expect to send them out to you sometime tomorrow.
since debbie is a client too, i think i ll just mail them to your home unless you prefer otherwise.
sd
good news.
congratulations and good luck.
hello, bill
stan will attend in person.
cindy
billy dorseyenrondevelopment
05022001 1203 pm
executive committee weekly meeting
date  monday, may 7th
time  1100 a.m.  cdt
location  50th floor boardroom
video  connections will be established with remote locations upon request.
conf call  att lines have been reserved.
please contact sherri sera  7138535984  or bill dorsey  7136466505  for the weekly dial  in number and passcode.
please indicate below whether or not you plan to attend this meeting and through what medium.
yes, i will attend in person
by video conference from
by conference call
no, i will not attend

please return this email to me with your response by 1200 p.m., friday, may 4th
thank you,
bill dorsey.
thank you for the invitation.
unfortunately debbie and i will not be able to attend due to previous committments.
tana,
please review the process below
with divisions, eol does request a new password application for the applicant reflecting the name as you noted below.
when the company is set up in the eol database we link the company to the parent and reference the cp id.
sam, please confirm, global counterparty also provides the links to establish correlation between the parent and child for our downstream systems.
let me know if this is the appropriate steps that you would like to see.
thanks,
stephanie
sam  stephanie,
re  cargill ferrous international
it was my understanding with the eol team that all divisions would have the legal incorporated entity as part of the name.
stephanie, i my preference is to kick their password application back and get them to change it to read something like  cargill ferrous international, a division of cargill, inc.  or  cargill, inc. acting through its cargill ferrous international division .
samuel schott
03212001 0158 pm
any gcp adjustments will be highlighted in red.
attn. gcplondon
there s a new eol counterparty listed in the uk.
please respond.
best rgds.
samuel x39890 enwgcp
please see attached.
harry
are you the right lawyer to look at this
robert b cass
04162001 0452 pm
please approve the following product type in datamanager after 1100 p.m.
see the steps for approval below.
us steel hot rolled plate phy
website short description of product type  us hr stl plt phy
product type
reference period
the term of the transaction shall be from the effective date  or start date  to the termination date  or end date .
the effective date  or start date  is 01 oct 2001.
the termination date  or end date  is 31 oct 2001.
product additional information  example
the transaction is for hot rolled steel with a thickness of1  and a width of 72 inches.
the transaction is f.o.b. reserve marine terminal in chicago, ill metro area.
f.o.b. refers to the following terms  seller is responsible for freight, unloading and storage up to and including delivery in warehouse, buyer is responsible for storage, loading and freight after delivery.
the contract quantity shall be quantity submitted by counterparty via enrononline 5  greater or lesser allowance at seller s option .
each calendar month during the term of the transaction will be a dispatch period.
enron will guarantee delivery by the 20th of each scheduled dispatch period and accept supply to the 15th of each scheduled dispatch period.
payment shall be made, against the receipt of the required documents outlined in the general terms and conditions, in the contractual currency by telegraphic transfer no later than 30 calendar days after the date on which the commodity is released to buyer.
currency
the price is quoted in us dollars per unit of volume, which will be the contractual currency.
unit of measure
the unit of measure against which the price is quoted shall be net tons  2000 lbs  and the quantity shown shall be in net tons per month.
steps for approval
click the start button
select programs
select test applications
select enrononline cluster  prod
proceed with usual login  password
click the enron online production cluster  start  button
select enrononline  this is the eol datamanager
proceed with eol login  password
click on the    for enrononline
click on the    for product types
click on the    for  awaiting approval   or  partially approved
select the product requiring review as stated in email above
right  mouse  click on  properties  to view product set  up
to approve  right mouse click on  approved
thanks bill  appreciate your help
bill d hare
04162001 0551 pm
we informed tana that we made the change in global counterparty to include,  a division of cargill incorporated .
we will meet in the near future to discuss the issues surrounding division and trade name setups in global counterparty.
bill
bill
if sam s description below of the gcp procedure is correct, it looks to me like something needs to be changed.
the difficulty lies in the fact that the confirmation system reads the counterparty s name from global counterparty.
since divisions of companies are not legal entities they do not have the power to contract in their own names.
if the correct legal name is not in global counterparty, the confirmation goes out with the wrong legal name on it seriously compromising the contract itself.
that is the source of tana s concern regarding the correct entering of divisions in the system.
my suggestion is that global counterparty use the same name that the customer has signed on the enrononline password application  my understanding is that the enrononline team returns inappropriate applications to the customer until they are correctly completed.
in this particular case since the counterparty is still not allowed to transact on enrononline almost a month after sending in their application they are understandably upset and are now complaining.
i would appreciate it if you could get this one fixed today and, if you have any problem with changing the gcp procedure, please let me know.
mark
tana jones
04162001 0311 pm
samuel schott
03282001 0109 pm
fyi ...
cargill ferrous international is set up correctly in the global counterparty system as a division of cargill, inc.
cargill ferrous international is the full name of this division and set up as such in gcp with a sub  to  legal link to cargill, inc. per gcp procedure.
also, the global sap team  cheryl johnson  would need legal name change documentation from the counterparty in order to change this name.
best rgds.
samuel x39890  gcp  enron net works  global data management
any updates on adding the correct legal name to this counterparty name
hello,
yes, gcp provides the links to establish the correlation between the parent and child for our downstream systems.
gcp procedure is to create counterparty names that reflect either the tradename  division name or parent name  not both simultaneously.
although, we have broken that rule for legal in the past.
this defeats the purpose of using a tradename.
best rgds.
samuel
tana,
please review the process below
with divisions, eol does request a new password application for the applicant reflecting the name as you noted below.
when the company is set up in the eol database we link the company to the parent and reference the cp id.
sam, please confirm, global counterparty also provides the links to establish correlation between the parent and child for our downstream systems.
let me know if this is the appropriate steps that you would like to see.
thanks,
stephanie
sam  stephanie,
re  cargill ferrous international
it was my understanding with the eol team that all divisions would have the legal incorporated entity as part of the name.
stephanie, i my preference is to kick their password application back and get them to change it to read something like  cargill ferrous international, a division of cargill, inc.  or  cargill, inc. acting through its cargill ferrous international division .
samuel schott
03212001 0158 pm
any gcp adjustments will be highlighted in red.
attn. gcplondon
there s a new eol counterparty listed in the uk.
please respond.
best rgds.
samuel x39890 enwgcp
please see attached.
doc
i ll be in town through sunday morning.
any chance we can get together for dinner saturday eve.
mark
i m handling the afternoon  i think that harry has this morning.
mhc
can you cover for me today
i am in mediation.
i left a voicemail for sharon butcher, as well, just to make sure it is handled.
my schedule shows an afternoon session.
do we have2 sessions today
if so, you may want to split and cover.
thanks a ton.
i will take you next one in august.
thanks,
kriste
kriste k. sullivan enron corp.  legal eb 4861  713  8537557 phone  713  6465847 fax
i got this.
i assume this is 1230 central time
when  wednesday, september 19, 2001 1030 am  1130 am  gmt  0800  pacific time  us  canada   tijuana.
where  conf. call

1030  1130 pst
call  in   8007118000
passcode  4153030
here is the overview of bob henderson s employment agreement.
what do you think
mhc
michelle, please comment.
please send me an email response about whether you and michelle cash are ok with what he s written.
after that, what do we do
brad
after a conversation with ryan seleznov i herewith like disclose in writing my intentions in respect to dealbench.
please see attached word file
best regards
tobias munk
please see the attached.
teresa
please send david lund copies of our standard corporate services agreement and the standard assignment letter  use bridgeline example  with and without noncompete .
michelle
we re formatting one this week, and we ll send it when it s done.
michelle
thanks very much.
do you also have a ssd we can use
jane
file  220b  dg  agreement for recruiting services.doc   file  220a dg  agreement for contract services.doc
here are the sample agreements.
please let us know if you need anything else.
thanks.
diane goode senior specialist
i agree also, but i do nt know all the parties or complications involved.
should there be a  groan  meeting on this
can you please help with this one
i agree with what the concern is below.
we have gis ids, and eid  external id  just like gis id .
i think we should try to migrate to one of these.
please let me know what type of statement i should make back to the customer.
thanks.
kathy,
per my voicemail message, please review the note below.
i d like to work with you on a response to this customer.
thanks,
brandee
brandee sanborn i.s.c. customer care design  process support httpisc.enron.comsite
ole object  picture  device independent bitmap
ngoc luan doenrondevelopment
08072001 1236 pm
to whom it may concern
through tv and newspapers, i hear constantly about identity fraud using stolen social security information.
i am very concerned about this issue.
i have the following suggestion for our company.
since enron s employees are assigned an sap identification numbers  p number  and an hr number, could enron as a company use these ids instead of the ss numbers
this will be safer for all employees.
for example, i am concerned when i buy the monthly bus passes and i have to fill in my ss number.
i do not feel secure at all to see my ss in so many databases at enron, especially when some databases are from third  parties  out  sourcing .
we could use our badge number there instead of our ss.
please let me know how your organization can help the enron employees feel safer about the safeguard of their ss number.
please calendar and print for my files on this meeting.
thanks.
mhc
all,
a reminder that the hr associate points meeting will take place as below
thursday, 23rd august 3.30 pm  5.30 pm  eb 46c1 .
the leads who are responsible for associates are as follows
sunjay arya
gary buck
khymberly booth
ryan seleznov
mecole brown
tim orourke
tana cashion
sheila walton
wendy fincher
sheila knudsen
karen phillips
neil davies
noel ryan
cindy skinner
simone scott walker
shanna funkhouser
peer reviews are currently been gathered on the above.
upon receipt, i shall forward to each of you a copy of the reviews for your respective associate.
in addition they will be contacting you to discuss their participation in projects outside their rotation.
those who are not assigned an associate may also allocate points  a max of 150  at the meeting based on contribution to your areas for the first review period.
if anyone has any questions on the above please let me know.
kind regards,
karen. x54667
shanna, i spoke with per tonight about this.
let s talk tomorrow.
thanks.
michelle
this is the background to my conversation with shanna.
i have a copy of the document i can give to you tomorrow.
thanks for following up on this.
per
per
i did not hear back from shanna or sharon butcher.
could you please ask shanna to take this situation to sharon tomorrow
john, per and i discussed the hostile environment issue and we are both concerned that we may have some repercussions.
i am vacation until the 22nd but per is up to speed and i would like to make sure that you keep up with him and any hr  legal activity that may occur.
thank you
paula
let s discuss exactly what is involved here  confidentiality, etc.
thanks.
mhc
hi yall,
i wanted to let you know about this before i respond to her request.
let me know if you have any questions.
regards,
sandra
kathy mcmahon suggested that i contact you in an effort to gather information on  enron s affirmative action policy and plans  as well as demographic analysis of workforce  gender, age, ethnic origin, nationality
jeff skilling has agreed to work with harvard business school  hbs  on a5  year case study called  modern giants .
hbs will shadow enron and a number of other companies over the next five years to assess how we react to market changes and to see how we morph during this time period.
please let me know at your earliest convience if you can help me.
regards,
cindy
please print all these for me.
thanks.
mhc
ryan,
try this.
bob k
fyi re  nepco picketing issues.
michelle
michelle,
two in one day.
we understand that the pipe fitters are also planning to picket the lake worth, florida project as well.
our execution team needs to get some guidance and planning for this picketing should it interfere with the progress of the work.
in that respect, we need to dial in rick johnson and olgletree to plan and communicate that plan to the execution team.
i think the first step is a call between yourself, me, mark stubley and mike indivero.
and then another call with all folks or a meeting at the jobsite to lay out the plan.
barbara, please organize a call for mike, michelle, mark stubley and me.
thanks.
david,
i have been advised by our construction manager, mr. joe osler that while he was visiting the city of lake worth building planning and zoning dept regarding our permit status he learned that the pipefitters have inquired about permit requirements to picket our site.
apparently the city informed them that no permit is required.
i have heard that the pipefitters have established a picket line at the payne creek site today.
we will need local legal counsel to assist us in this regard.
mike indivero, i understand that mr. mike croall s release date from nepco is oct 31, 2001.
please advise as to who his replacement is and their report date.
thanks,
galen j. torneby project manager national energy production corporation  nepco  11831 north creek parkway north bothell, wa 98011 usa tel  4254153052 cell  4259220475 fax  4254153098 email   mailtogalentnepco.com  mailtogalen.tornebynepco.com
rick hopkinsonenrondevelopment
091699 1007 am
sara, trading is still not settled.
thank you for the invitaion to the conference call.
i would like both lynn and i to participate.
i assume we should come over eb.
can you tell us where.
thanks
rick
, do you want us to come over to the enron b in your call.
could
sara shackletonect
091699 0855 am
have you decided who will be assisting tax  wise for these two countries
i have a conference call this afternoon at3 pm  houston time  with antonio felix de araujo cintra from the tozzini firm regarding further research on derivative products for trading in brazil.
attached is a summary of products and the various enron groups seeking answers.
if you would like to participate in person or by conference, please let me know.
i will be in sao paulo from sept 20  22 and buenos aires from sept 23  24.
in brazil, i will be meeting again with tozzini lawyers.
in ba, i ll be meeting with marval lawyers.
let me know if you would like to participate in any way.
sara
please try to verify.
thanks.
sara
sara shackleton
091699 1016 am
how about friday, sept. 17, at9 am  houston time  which is 11 am  sao paulo  time
please advise.
sara

warning
notice  this message is confidential.
if you have received it by mistake please let us know by reply and then delete it from your system  you should not copy this message or disclose its contents to anyone.
thank you.
emenro2.doc
the call was cancelled.
i am waiting to hear about a possible call friday morning.
sara
andrea bertoneenrondevelopment
091599 0441 pm
yes.
if something happens that i m not able to participate i ll let you know.
thanks.
sara shackletonect
091599 0815 pm
this call has been changed to3 pm  houston time  which is5 pm  sao paulo time .
please let me know if you would like for me to conference you in.
sara
the draft you received has been approved by dan.
if you would like this executed, please let me know.
sara
daniel r castagnolaenrondevelopment
051799 0147 pm
sara
looks good.
dan
sara shackletonect
051799 1123 am
dan  please see if the attached draft works.
my extension is 35620.
sara
as a result of our luncheon with the confirm desk yesterday, could someone develop a comprehensive list identifying all omnibus attachments
if you think any other pertinent information could be included, please feel free to add it.
thanks.
sara
i emailed your assistant earlier this morning and have had no response.
can we reschedule the phone call for9 am  houston  which is 11 am  sao paulo  on friday, sept. 17
please advise.
sara
the conference call has been rescheduled for friday, sept. 17 at9 am  houston  which is 11 am  sao paulo .
i will initiate the call.
if anyone would like to be conferenced in or attend in person, please let me know.
thanks.
sara
i am forwarding to you guidelines prepared for global products trading.
it s a good starting point.
i am currently working on guidelines for argentina which will address both physical and financial trading.
other  guidelines  exist in limited form for the remote offices in singapore and australia.
i am checking on london.
i m not exactly certain as to what you are looking for.
obviously the foreign offices have issues that may not apply in the us  although la. is about as close as you can get to a third world country .
one thing that does nt show up in the attachment is the swap eligibility issue.
let me know how i can help further.
sara
janice moore
090399 0157 pm
here it is  we printed this2  sided and laminated it.
becky will bring you the hard copy version.
lunch date later.
see below.
it looks like the2  day lc issue is an issue.
i ll call you shortly.
joseph manogue at tiger called me last night to say he had finally reviewed the draft isda doc with all agreed changes put in and lined from original.
he faxed it to you and will have the original fedexed overnight.
hope you ll have time to review it today.
ss has again asked about the gtee and lc wording.
they do not have anything from us in writing confirming the agreed changes.
joe asked that you fax the revised gtee wording that has been agreed  i believe it was our agreeing to reduce the claim period from 15 days down to5  and the new lc wording  drops the2 day period to replace an lc with a different bank if the first refuses to pay .
i know we talked about these issues earlier, but tiger s lawyers want to get everything agreed in writing now so final docs can be issued for signing, even if we are the ones issuing the gtee and lc.
thanks
call if you have questions or if i can be of any help.
there is an outside chance we could have everything set to go this week.
with best regards,
per
hi back
and happy new year too
to what do i owe this small pleasure
i m fine in texas, still hanging out with phoebe and chloe, working hard, etc.
where are you living these days
n.o.  atlanta
memphis
eleuthra
st. petersburg
amelia island plantation
i ve simply lost track
as for me, well, i lead the simple life, own a little house in west university, own a little car  i had to buy a new one recently  the 14  year old 380 se started scaring me a bit , you know, the usual.
are you selling burgers up and down the east coast
have you gone international
in a new franchise business
how s your family
got to get back to work
this weekend i m off to sao paulo and buenos aires on business.
sara
samchawkaol.com on 091199 074844 pm
sara
happy new year, stranger
hope all is well.
do you miss me
sam
mark elliott tells me that you drafted some trader guidelines  physical and financial  for the london traders.
i am trying to develop similar guidelines for the southern cone regions  first argentina  and thought your expertise would be very helpful.
could you send me a set
i m leaving for sao paulo on saturday but i will be in the office tomorrow.
thank you for your help.
regards.
sara
if .....   iii  definitive agreements acceptable to party a in its sole discretion regarding the debt and all other aspects of  the project to be owned by party b , including but not limited to the senior debt facility, commitments and all project documents, have been fully negotiated and executed and the  project  has been brought to financial close.
fyi
robert quick
091799 0450 am
sara, here are the trader guidelines i developed for uk gas, uk power and nordic power.
i assume you need both gas and power.
these are to some extent country or market specific.
as these guidelines need to be approved by houston, i am copying this to mark, alan and jeff.
tks
sara shackleton
091699 0948 pm
mark elliott tells me that you drafted some trader guidelines  physical and financial  for the london traders.
i am trying to develop similar guidelines for the southern cone regions  first argentina  and thought your expertise would be very helpful.
could you send me a set
i m leaving for sao paulo on saturday but i will be in the office tomorrow.
thank you for your help.
regards.
sara
please review the attached memo to verify that i have identified all of the products that you are interested in trading in brazil.
i will be in sao paulo on monday, september 20, 1999.
thank you,
sara
jmb  jbennettgmssr.com
12222000 0628 pm
parties, attached is the promised ruling that provides procedural guidance for the hearings on 1227 and 1228.
the ruling will also be posted on the web site as quickly as possible.
thank you for your patience and i hope you can take a few moments to enjoy the holidays.
angela minkin administrative law judge
1p701.doc
note that this communication is confidential, covered by ca s settlement rules.
lindh, frank  law    frl3pge.com
12212000 0750 pm
confidential settlement document per cpuc rule 51
gas accord ii settlement participants
attached is pge s gas accord ii  ga ii  settlement proposal.
we believe it addresses many of the issues and concerns you have raised in the workshops.
as an overview, this proposal   maintains the basic gas accord structure in place today for the period 2003 to 2007.
offers end user transportation rates for 2003 lower for most customers than rates in effect today.
provides for vintaged redwood path rates for core customers.
offers a 7.5 cent  dth rate to large customers while minimizing rate changes to other customers, minimizing the incentive for these customers to seek to bypass local transmission charges and other cpuc  approved charges.
adopts guidelines to improve reliability and help moderate prices in gas commodity markets, and identifies the capital projects needed to meet these guidelines over the course of the ga ii period  2003  2007 .
provides a high degree of rate stability, with a 3.5  escalator to capture both inflation and the cost of needed capital projects.
the guaranteed rates will be adjustable only for significant changes in the cost of capital or increased costs due to governmental requirements or catastrophic events.
preserves a rate differential between the redwood and baja paths, although somewhat less than the current differential.
proposes a two  stage open season for firm transportation services beginning in 2003, with end users receiving a first option on available capacity.
maintains the core aggregation program with some adjustments.
pge also anticipates that the core procurement incentive mechanism  cpim  will be similar to today s mechanism, but will reflect the somewhat larger capacity holdings needed to meet anticipated increases in core demand and to meet a1  day in 10  year cold weather event.
this also will serve as a reminder that an all  party meeting is scheduled at pge s headquarters in san francisco on january 10 and 11, to discuss this proposal and to respond to your questions.
we look forward to answering your questions and receiving your feedback.
the attached documents include the ga ii settlement proposal, an attachment  a copy of pge s proposed gas rule 27 , and a set of supporting workpapers.
finally, please note that the settlement document and the attachment are in  word 2000  format.
we would be glad to provide the same documents in an earlier version of word, upon request by individual parties.
we look forward to seeing you on january 10  11.
in the meantime, we extend our best wishes for a safe and happy holiday season.
frank lindh ray williams  415  9732776  415  9733634
pge gas accord ii settlement proposal 122000.doc   proposed gas rule 27.doc   cos  rates workpapers for ga ii 12202000 proposal.xls
greetings judge minkin
this is to inform that a representative of enron corp would like to address the commission on the issue of utility rate stabilization plans at the commission s hearings scheduled for december 27th and 28th.
thank you.
sincerely,
jeffrey dasovich director, enron corp
attached is a draft of the talking points for the commission s hearings.
few points
our time is likely to be limited to5  10 minutes.
mike day, our outside counsel, will make the presentation on our behalf.
mike day is fleshing out the legal details of our presentation and he will forward that along for folks review later today.
comments can be forwarded to me via email, pager  888.916.7184 , voicemail  415.782.7822 , or home  415.621.8317 .
we will finalize the message points on tomorrow s daily call  10 am cst .
the call in number is 800.713.8600.
code is 80435.
the commission s hearings begin tomorrow at 10 am  pst .
jeff dasovich
sent by  jeff dasovich
12262000 0315 pm
attached is a draft of the talking points for the commission s hearings.
few points
our time is likely to be limited to5  10 minutes.
mike day, our outside counsel, will make the presentation on our behalf.
mike day is fleshing out the legal details of our presentation and he will forward that along for folks review later today.
comments can be forwarded to me via email, pager  888.916.7184 , voicemail  415.782.7822 , or home  415.621.8317 .
we will finalize the message points on tomorrow s daily call  10 am cst .
the call in number is 800.713.8600.
code is 80435.
the commission s hearings begin tomorrow at 10 am  pst .
nice job.
going to be a wild ride.
that s a very good point.
i ll make the change.
best,
jeff
harry kingerski
12262000 0333 pm
jeff
instead of suggesting a specific rate increase  10 or 15 , i think we should acknowledge that a  modest  increase may be necessary and may in fact be desirable  but that the specific amount of increase should be reasoned and subject to well thought out evidence and hearings, not just determined by whim.
in general, we should not be overly prescriptive at this point and i know you agree with that.
otherwise, i think you have captured the points excellently.
we re in the process of developing a strategy to take us through the next few months.
but while the  otherwise perishable  thoughts are still fresh in my mind from the hearings on monday and tuesday, i wanted to throw out some observations for discussion in the days  weeks ahead.
observation  the pressure to finger somebody for  price gouging  is increasing.
the administration is hell bent on finding a  fall guy.
the price spikes pose real political risks for davis and he and his folks need and want an easy way out.
his press release following the hearing renewed the call for  refunds.
on my panel, loretta lynch asked reliant and duke to supply her with the details of the contracts they cut to sell their power forward to marketers.
and carl wood s remarks were extreme.
at the barton hearing, a liberal democrat  filner  and a conservative republican  hunter  locked arms in calling for refunds.
bilbray joined the  gouging  band wagon.
the utilities repeatedly called on ferc to do a  real  investigation, with hearings, testimony, data discovery  the works.
on the positive side, the ferc commissioners lauded wolak, his analysis, and his remarks on the panel.
wolak said somewhat emphatically that the nature of california s market structure makes it impossible to single out a single participant as the culprit.
he also stated that just everyone s just acting in their own self  interest, responding to the screwed incentives embedded in the structure.
implication  it seems prudent for enron to understand better its risks of getting fingered.
in the best case, the clamoring for a  refund  subsides.
in which case, the only cost to enron is the internal cost incurred to understand better the risks of getting fingered.
in the medium case, investigations find that enron  like others   played by the rules,  but the rules stunk, and enron profited at the expense of california consumers.
you re right, sue.
rates ca nt go up wout declaring the rate freeze over in some fashion  trying to finesse it.
thanks very much for the comments.
harry also had a good comment  do nt specify the amount of rate increase in our comments  rather note that the rate increase needs to be well  reasoned and based on facts and evidence.
will make that change.
shawna johnsonenron
02222001 0437 pm
this is a request for your interview participation.
the associate and analyst programs will be on the penn, undergraduate campus interviewing summer analyst interns next week.
due to business reasons, previously scheduled interviewers from the penn team have had to cancel their participation.
currently, i need three interviewers for thursday, march 1st and one interviewer for friday, march 2nd.
please let me know of your availability.
campus interviews are scheduled as follows
place  university of pennsylvania
date  thursday, march 1st friday, march 2nd
day one interviews day two interviews
where  on campus inn at pen
time  800  500 800  500
interviewers  kevin mcgowan  confirmed
jen fraser  confirmed
margaret rhee  confirmed
chris hilgert  confirmed
in the event that you have scheduling conflicts and can not participate, any referrals at the director or vp level would be greatly appreciated.
as always, thank you for your time and please contact me  ext 58369 if you have any questions.
shawna johnson recruiting coordinator
sorry about that before.
i ll not say anything.
best
jeff
scott a. kushnick   skushswbell.net
01262001 1248 pm
please do nt mention my ny trip to anyone.
keep in touch.
scott
thanks for the update.
have you gotten a price
doug leach
01252001 0940 am
fyi
tom byargeon, kevin miller and ken loch in ena are working with producers in the us involved in deep water offshore louisiana  texas oil and gas drilling projects.
this financing activity was primarily started to help ena secure long term well head and pipeline natural gas supplies to supplement the gas trading desk activities.
just like what happened in enron s initial vpp program they are find more interest in oil drilling projects rather than natural gas projects.
they are currently working on a bid  due 131  for the medusa project which involves murphy  operator , agip and callon in mississippi canyon blocks  538 and  582.
the initial reservoir reports estimate reserves of 80  120 million barrels of sour crude and they estimate initial production to be 40,000 bpd starting in 1q 2003.
quality is estimated to be a mars type crude with 25  27 api gravity and 1.5  2.0  sulfur.
plans are to build a private pipeline to equilon s west delta  143 platform and then bring the oil onshore.
peggy is finding out where wd  143 pumps to onshore.
tom s group would like to know if we have any interesting in buying the crude on either a fixed or floating basis.
the floating could be tied to a platt s index or the nymex.
it is far too early to expect murphy to enter into a physical or financial contract, but tom hopes to get us first and  or last look from murphy when the time is right.
another alternative is to give murphy barrels at their 95,000 bpd meraux, louisiana refinery in exchange for the new production barrels.
could someone in your group please give me a notional non binding basis differential for this quality of crude for cal 2003
please print
amanda hubleenron
01242001 0102 pm
please address, and i ll check with legal as well.
we typically only book deals when everything is signed off.
jeff
david hoog
01262001 0937 am
following up on our discussion yesterday  for these types of deals, i do nt think it s necessary to have all the documentation of our counterparty s authorization to enter into the agreement.
these are short term transactions and requiring this documentation will cause us to lose business because competitive alternatives do not have such burdensome requirements.
the primary reason we need these things is for the scenario where a muni does a derivative deal with an open  ended downside, loses  50 million, and then claims that it was not a valid contract.
in our case, they are only hedging.
we are collecting a premium up front and their total cost is known up front.
therefore they will not attempt to make this claim.
even if they did, our risk is limited to the premium, not some big payout.
the risk of losing business is far greater than the risk of a counterparty trying to get their premium back.
seems like a5 second decision to me.
is it possible to combine the standard isda and our confirm into a single long form
by going away from the standard isda maybe we can eliminate these requirements because the payout liability is only1  way.
please print
rusamartsaol.com
01262001 1157 am
dear mr. shankman,
thank you very much for your quick reply.
attached is my resume.
i highlight the relevant skills in the summary.
the position is with the ees mmc east department  wholesale, retail  comm, enron energy services.
it was posted on dec. 11, but the human resource dept said that if it is still on the internet, it is open.
look forward to hearing your comments  suggestions.
regards,
rina
enronr1.doc
yikes
that girl s mother sounds like a real problem.
i m not sure how i would have handled it.
how s school going
any plans for the weekend
alma martinezenron
01262001 1136 am
what happened
here s a story ... as i was waiting at the bus stop  735 am  to go to school, a lady approached me and asked if i d make sure her daughter got on a certain bus.
the mother was running late for work and could not wait.
i could nt say no ... so nicki  the little girl  10 yrs. old  and i waited for the bus.
it was now, 815 and there was no sign of her bus.
on top of things, i had quiz at8 am.
which i then realized i missed.
i decided that nicki would just have to wait on her own.
i asked her if she had any relatives that would want to know of her whereabouts.
i called her grandmother and explained things to her.
pretty strange ... aye.
a bus that runs through uofh arrived and i almost got on without her, but i could nt do it.
finally, i told the little girl that she would have to accompany me to school  830 am .
there were only 15 minutes left of class.
i stayed for the remainder of the lecture.
after class we went back to bus stop and within minutes her bus arrived.
i told the bus driver where to drop her off.
i notified her grandmother with the time of the departure.
and i was relieved when nicki called to let me know she was home safe.
please send the memo to the egm business heads as well.
thanks.
jeff
jana giovannini
01262001 1051 am
actually, jen has volunteered for the afternoon session.
i spoke to her prior to my note.
is there anyone else in egm that could participate
please let me know.
thanks.
jen, please take care of this for egm
jana giovannini
01242001 1142 am
all,
the analyst and associate programs recognize we have many analyst needs that need to be addressed immediately.
while we anticipate many new analysts joining enron this summer  late may  and fulltime  august  we felt it necessary to address some of the immediate needs with an off  cycle recruiting event.
we are planning this event for thursday, february 15 and are inviting approximately 30 candidates to be interviewed.
i am asking that you forward this note to any potential interviewers  managers or above .
we will conduct first round interviews in the morning and the second round interviews in the afternoon.
we need for interviewers to commit either to the morning 9 am  12 pm  or afternoon 2 pm 5 pm  complete session.
please submit your response using the buttons below and update your calendar for this date.
in addition, we will need the groups that have current needs to commit to taking one or more of these analysts should they be extended an offer.
thanks in advance for your cooperation.
thank you,
jana
where does our 50   the 1.65 million dollars  show up
can you provide me with more details
great job, guys.
eric gonzales
01252001 0202 am
great job gentlemen
this deviation shows that eco definitely has a significant amount of option value which can be exploited with quick reactions and favourable market movements.
eric
wayne perryenrondevelopment
25012001 0020
finally completed tonight
net to enron lng marketing company   272,000   0.10  mmbtu
net to eco about  3,300,000  enron 50  share about  1,650,000
enron total gain not counting ena s trading desk margin is  1,922,000
not bad for a single cargo.
wayne
jen, please take care of this for egm
marianne  the following are my comments
1. in section 1.1, there should be a parentheses after etc. in the 5th line.
2. in section 3.1, in the last sentence after the proviso insert  a  before the word  change  and after the word  in .
3. in section 6.1, change 20 business days to 20 days.
also, add a semicolon at the end of clause  i .
4. in section 6.2.1 i ll just note that the discount rate sentence i think is still an open issue.
5. in section 6.3, clause  c  should be reworded to fit with the language in the beginning of the section.
6. capitalize the word  facility  in the definition of average annual load factor.
7. delete the definition of costs as it is already defined in section 6.2.1.
8. where is the defined term govt authority used
9. in the gtc, the ecp rep should also apply to eesi.
also, in the 7th line of the reps add the word  into  after the word  entered  and before the word  this .
10. in collateral requests, insert a comma after deposit in the last line.
i will also add granting  perfection language.
11. in events of default, clause  a  refers to a dispute section which i m not sure exists.
in clause  e , delete the  s   from the word consolidation.
12. remedies should be deleted as it is already covered in section 6.1.
13. in ucc  disclaimer of warranties, add a clause  c .
i would add setoff language.
carol st. clair eb 3889 7138533989  phone  7136463393  fax  carol.st.clairenron.com
marianne castanoees
05302001 1105 am
carol
i have attempted to incorporate the changes that jim has incorporated in our long form power agreement which ena has suggested to date into the short form.
attached please find a sample short form  for the con ed market  for your review.
please note the following as you review
1. the short forms do not contain the optionality relating to our performing billing services  all of our midmarket forms anticipate that we will act as customer s billing agent and that we will collect all amounts due related to td and the like from the customer  and reflect same on our invoice  and pass those amounts on to the customer s utility.
2. i did not include a  setoff  provision in this draft, mainly because the vast majority of the time, we will not, nor will an affiliate, have another agreement in place with these customers.
if you feel strongly about our including a setoff provision, we will do so.
3. the change in law provision reads a bit differently from the long form  the thinking here is that the long form language is very lengthy and rather harsh  and we ve had great difficulty selling it in the past .
taking into consideration this class of customer, we decided to include certain items, including our inability to cover our costs due to a change in law, rules or practices as a  force majeure event  in an effort to soften the approach  see the gtcs .
also we do not address calculation of a termination payment in the event of a change in law as the long form does  again, more in the interest of  saving space  than anything else ...
let us know your thoughts on this document and if you are comfortable with our using this until such time as the hybrid form is launched.
if you are comfortable, we will drive these changes into our other midmarket power forms.
thanks again for your help with this project,
marianne
p.s. please be sure to copy sarah dietrich and jennifer hillegonds on your response  they will be taking this project during my  hiatus   i am moving to pa on friday of this week, and will be out of pocket through approximately 716.
i will start up again in midjuly ...
john
i have faxed to you the form of bond, our proposed bond provisions and the eei master.
i am waiting on the confirms and will send them to you shortly by fax or email.
carol st. clair eb 3889 7138533989  phone  7136463393  fax  carol.st.clairenron.com
carol st. clair eb 3889 7138533989  phone  7136463393  fax  carol.st.clairenron.com
carol st clair
05312001 0901 am
phyllis
our letter of credit person would be more comfortable if we deleted all of the language that makes the lc transferable.
are you okay with that
if so, are we ready to execute
carol st. clair eb 3889 7138533989  phone  7136463393  fax  carol.st.clairenron.com
lemelpenu.com
05302001 0300 pm
carol
i understand that we are still reviewing the attachment that lists the open transactions.
how are you making out on the revised version of the loc
marianne
in addition to my other comments on the mid market power form, i think you should add a forward contract rep.
carol st. clair eb 3889 7138533989  phone  7136463393  fax  carol.st.clairenron.com
christie or cass
are we playing tomorrow at 930
carol st. clair eb 3889 7138533989  phone  7136463393  fax  carol.st.clairenron.com
rhonda
as i mentioned in my email, john lepore at select energy  settlements group  is trying to reconcile our list with his list.
he needs more info about these trades  i.e., price info  and would like to talk with you about it.
his number is 8606652368 and email address is leporjjselectenergy.com.
once we agree on the list, we can sign the eei master.
carol st. clair eb 3889 7138533989  phone  7136463393  fax  carol.st.clairenron.com
rhonda l denton
05252001 1245 pm
here s everything that flows from 5101 forward.
carol st clair 05252001 1201 pm
we need to include all outstanding transactions.
thanks.
carol st. clair eb 3889 7138533989  phone  7136463393  fax  carol.st.clairenron.com
rhonda l denton
05252001 1145 am
do you want 6101 and forward or do you want to include all of may since they have not been settled
just let me know and i can send you a new attachment.
carol st clair 05252001 1056 am
rhonda
does attachment a to the select eei master need to be updated or is the version that you sent to me the current version
carol st. clair eb 3889 7138533989  phone  7136463393  fax  carol.st.clairenron.com
lemelpenu.com
05252001 1044 am
carol
i think valerie mooney  our credit person  and ed sacks are still discussing some minor fine tuning of the loc format.
i spoke to bob bruce this morning  we re all set on the language in the schedule to the isda, and there is a minor credit  billing issue in paragraph 13 related to the timing of transfer of interest on collateral that val will discuss with ed as well.
as far as the eei goes, the only remaining issue that i m aware of  aside from finalizing the loc  is whether we ve finished coordinating the attachment containing the list of prior transactions.
sounds like we may actually get these documents executed early next week.
phyllis lemell
carol st. clair eb 3889 7138533989  phone  7136463393  fax  carol.st.clairenron.com
rhonda l denton
06012001 0320 pm
i am missing deal no. 74419 on your sheet.
it is enpower no. 295870.
will fax.
rhonda
thanks so much for your help on this.
carol st. clair eb 3889 7138533989  phone  7136463393  fax  carol.st.clairenron.com
rhonda l denton
06012001 0320 pm
i am missing deal no. 74419 on your sheet.
it is enpower no. 295870.
will fax.
carol st. clair eb 3889 7138533989  phone  7136463393  fax  carol.st.clairenron.com
rhonda l denton
06012001 0320 pm
i am missing deal no. 74419 on your sheet.
it is enpower no. 295870.
will fax.
phyllis
we can accept the language with your chnages.
are we ready to execute
i am out of the office today but will be back tomorrow.
please call me.
thanks.
carol st. clair eb 3889 7138533989  phone  7136463393  fax  carol.st.clairenron.com
lemelpenu.com
060401 0838 am
carol
our credit person does nt understand why the transferability language needs to be eliminated.
it simply refers to the same icc publication for the transfer process that governs the letter of credit generally.
is there some specific concern that we can address
russell
your comments to the transfer agreement were fine.
with respect to the guaranty, i will delete the schedule.
our system did not show any other chnages.
were there any
carol
yes.
carol st. clair eb 3889 7138533989  phone  7136463393  fax  carol.st.clairenron.com
all,
please see the attached interconnect agreement with questar.
i wanted you all to have a look at what we believe is the final draft.
it is a fairly standard, fully reimbursable interconnect with questar.
transwestern will own and operate the interconnect.
you will notice that questar has requested a  payment plan  that details when they will pay transwestern for the interconnect due to the recent enron events.
if anyone has any questions or concerns about the timing of these payments, please give me a call.
also, you will notice this interconnect may not be subject to the ciac tax gross up, but to protect ourselves, we have added language in para 3.2 that protects us financially if the irs ever comes back to determine that this interconnect is subject to the ciac tax.
robert guthrie with the tax department has worked with us to develop this language.
we hope to execute this agreement this week.
if you have any comments, please let me know.
after execution, we will forward a final copy to you for your files.
thanks,
kim 7138533098
file  questar so trails hub interconnect 020502.doc
earl,
we are looking at putting the metering facilities on their row  also, i think we will have to purchase about 50 ft of row from elpaso to get to questar s property .
as you look at this, if for some reason we can not obtain elpaso row, we will have to look at plan b which would be to put the metering on our row.
our in  service date is may1.
if you think that may1 may be difficult due to receiving the parts  materials on a timely basis because of the issues that vendors may have with us because of recent enron events, please let me know.
questar has already informed us that they would help obtain parts  materials to our specifications if it helps achieve an in  service date of may1.
thanks, kim.
kim
has a location, theirs or tw land  row, been settled and when is the required in  service date
thanks
earl chanley 5056258031
all,
please see the attached interconnect agreement with questar.
i wanted you all to have a look at what we believe is the final draft.
it is a fairly standard, fully reimbursable interconnect with questar.
transwestern will own and operate the interconnect.
you will notice that questar has requested a  payment plan  that details when they will pay transwestern for the interconnect due to the recent enron events.
if anyone has any questions or concerns about the timing of these payments, please give me a call.
also, you will notice this interconnect may not be subject to the ciac tax gross up, but to protect ourselves, we have added language in para 3. that protects us financially if the irs ever comes back to determine that this interconnect is subject to the ciac tax.
robert guthrie with the tax department has worked with us to develop this language.
we hope to execute this agreement this week.
if you have any comments, please let me know.
after execution, we will forward a final copy to you for your files.
thanks,
kim 7138533098
file  questar so trails hub interconnect 020502.doc
are you back in the office yet
we ve booked italy tickets this week for departing houston on friday, may 24 to newark  rome and returning on sunday, june9 from rome to newark  houston.
ticket price was  1,183 per ticket.
paul and judy are on board.
can you and tom join us
janell and dennis will not be able to go anywhere in 2002 due to janell s broken leg.
please call me, let s discuss.
thanks,
kim x33098
john, sorry for the late response, but i think you can implement immediately.
i was in a meeting last week and this was discussed  i do nt remember if you were there or not  but i m thinking that you may have already proceeded ahead for implementation which is great, thanks
kim.
the telephony group has the new tw hotline number and extensions ready for use, i have the solution center entering the greetings and terry kowalke has a new form and procedure for the customer service reps. to use for updates.
how much notification would you like to give the tw customers before implementing the new tw hotline phone number
we can do a popup notification along with changing the number on the web page, we can also put out a critical message which will send an email to customers.
do you think we need to do more
thanks  john buchanan
yes, thanks.
i was aware.
i just could nt remember if it was you or terry.
thanks, kim.
kim,
the new tw hotline was implemented monday which included customer notification in the form of a popup message in tms and a critical notice which sent an email.
the new hotline phone number is 7138533044.
i was under the impression that terry kowalke had notified you of the implementation, tk was also made aware.
john buchanan
john, sorry for the late response, but i think you can implement immediately.
i was in a meeting last week and this was discussed  i do nt remember if you were there or not  but i m thinking that you may have already proceeded ahead for implementation which is great, thanks
kim.
the telephony group has the new tw hotline number and extensions ready for use, i have the solution center entering the greetings and terry kowalke has a new form and procedure for the customer service reps. to use for updates.
how much notification would you like to give the tw customers before implementing the new tw hotline phone number
we can do a popup notification along with changing the number on the web page, we can also put out a critical message which will send an email to customers.
do you think we need to do more
thanks  john buchanan
here it is.
k.
see the attached spreadsheet.
let me know if you have any questions.
jan,
these numbers are slightly different from the ones you put together a few weeks ago.
are you comfortable with the difference
any thoughts
no hurry, i was just wondering.
thanks,
kim.
attached is the tw top ten shippers by revenues for the year 2001 to be reported in the browncover report.
note
total transportation invoiced for 2001 was  180.9 m.
the amount of transportation revenues recorded in the general ledger is  165.9 m.
this difference is mainly due to the following
10.0 m  negotiated rates reserve  reliant, sempra, richardson, astr, and bp energy    collected
2.7 m  socal rate issue   not collected
1.8 m  additional month of pge revenues due to prepayment invoicing beginning in 2001   collected
revenues for these customers were adjusted according.
also, revenues for the shippers acquiring released volumes from pge at rates above tw s tariff rates were adjusted accordingly.
please call me at x36709 if there are questions
thanks,
richard
kyle,
sorry for not sending this yesterday.
mondays are always tough.
please review and let me know what you think.
let s talk before i leave town next wednesday.
thanks,
kim.
kim,
here is the job description and the operational accountabilities for the position i mentioned to you last sunday.
as you can see it will take someone with some very good skills in organizing and interpersonal relationships.
it will also require someone who is fairly mature in their own spiritual journey.
if you know someone who might fit the bill ask them to contact me and  or send me their resume.
see you sunday.
tom
thomas w. daugherty vice president for spiritual care methodist health care system 6565 fannin street, d  200 houston, texas 770302707 office  7137931429 page  2817355919 cell  7138192784 fax  7137902605
mansoor,
let s discuss.
kim.
kim
the in  service date of may1, will be very difficult to attain.
since the bankruptcy filing, vendors have been very reluctant to ship material prior to it being prepaid  daniels, fisher, rosemont, other .
these are the vendors of instrumentation required for the interconnect.
questar may be able to purchase material, but some of the items can have up to a 60 day delivery.
from time pa approved and funded to in  service will be 75 days at most.
we have worked with daniels on a chromatograph on another project and prepayment has taken 45 days alone.
daniels is not set up for prepayments as they bill off an invoice and the main office and accounting had to create an invoice for a chromatograph that had not been delivered.
not the usual mode of operations.
the ic design is for a ultrasonic meter and this is dependent on their testing schedule  canada or kansas are the only two places to test to 100  of design .
will confirm testing schedule and delivery dates with ultrasonic asap.
we will try to complete the ic with the earliest in  service date possible, but with conditions as they are, a realistic date would be june 15, 2002.
if you have questions or issues, please let me know.
thanks
earl chanley 5056258031
earl,
we are looking at putting the metering facilities on their row  also, i think we will have to purchase about 50 ft of row from elpaso to get to questar s property .
as you look at this, if for some reason we can not obtain elpaso row, we will have to look at plan b which would be to put the metering on our row.
our in  service date is may1.
if you think that may1 may be difficult due to receiving the parts  materials on a timely basis because of the issues that vendors may have with us because of recent enron events, please let me know.
questar has already informed us that they would help obtain parts  materials to our specifications if it helps achieve an in  service date of may1.
thanks,
kim.
listening to the edison call w investors edison says they will pay everyone at the same time   big bang  approach  sometime in q1 02.
my concern is that between now and then dunn, the ag have the time and resources to make a heckuvalot of mischief, which could be detrimental to generators  marketers  claims.
investors are asking what edison intends for qfs and generators  asking about haircuts in particular  and edison is side  stepping the questions.
great.
figured they d contacted them, but wanted to make sure.
you know when the meeting with schedulers will be
i apologize, i m on the road and have nt heard when that will be.
i m thinking that i may want to attend.
thanks.
best,
jeff
thanks for the info  a few people from our shop will be in attendance.
if you have nt heard, socal s announced their abandoning windows for ofos.
they re holding  workshops  on how it will all work soon.
i ll get you the announcement.
best,
jeff
probing the  palace coup
electricity  a panel focuses on price hikes and the actions of the iso president.
september 26, 2001
by kimberly kindy
the orange county register
sacramento
a state senate committee is set today to start serving 16 subpoenas on electricity producers and officials who manage california s energy grid to determine whether they acted in concert to manipulate energy prices.
the investigative committee, headed by state sen. joe dunn, d  santa ana, is focusing on a series of events last fall filled with enough shakespearean plot twists and intrigue that it has earned a name around the capitol   the palace coup.
lawmakers and consumer groups allege that the events  directed by the man who heads the state s energy grid  fueled the california energy crisis, pushed the state into the power  buying business and helped make billions of dollars for power producers.
the central question behind the palace coup is whether terry winter, the president of the independent system operator, acted alone when he took steps to remove key price caps designed to limit the amount power generators could charge.
winter defied his own board and gov. gray davis when he filed a 50  page request to remove the caps, records and interviews show.
i do nt know how these events could have taken place without some concerted effort,  said dunn.
the subpoenas will force those involved, including winter, to provide sworn testimony about the events to the committee, and to turn over emails, personal calendars and memos.
davis spokesman steve maviglio said the governor felt  betrayed  by the actions of winter.
the governor believes it was the defining moment, when what was a mounting problem turned into an instant crisis,  maviglio said.
winter refused comment, referring all questions to the public relations office.
iso spokesman gregg fishman said dunn s committee will find no criminal conduct.
the decision was made by iso upper management with one goal in mind  to keep the lights on.
at the time, generators were refusing to sell power in california because of the price caps.
it was an emergency,  fishman said.
we had to take action.
what became known as the palace coup began on oct. 26 when iso board members voted for severe restrictions on the amount of money electricity producers could charge for power.
the restrictions would drive prices as low as  65 per megawatt  nearly 12 times below the  750 per megawatt limits of seven months earlier.
they  electricity generators  grinned and beared the  750 price cap, but this new plan by iso was too much,  said dunn, whose committee has been investigating since march.
all hell broke loose.
records show that on oct. 31, power generators and electricity traders filed letters with the federal energy regulatory commission, demanding that the new plan be killed.
the letters, six in all, were sent within two hours of each other and represented dozens of power generators.
if not removed immediately, the  iso  price cap will sow confusion in the market, threaten reliability and stifle new investment in generating capacity,  read one letter written by duke energy vice president william hall iii.
although there is nothing illegal about the generators acting together to lobby against price caps, dunn believes the letters and other actions around the same time showed clear coordination among energy officials.
he said the main aim of the subpoenas will be to determine whether collusion occurred to  fix  prices, which would violate federal trade laws.
in the oct. 31 letters, electricity producers told federal officials that if price caps were nt removed it would lead to a collapse of the energy market.
the generators got their way.
the next day, the federal commission killed the new pricing plan.
what was left in place was a  250 price cap established five months earlier.
power producers then turned their attention toward killing that cap, saying they could nt make a profit even under these constraints.
they began to withhold power from california, and on dec.7 the iso declared its first stage3 emergency and braced for blackouts, which were narrowly averted.
what followed the next day is considered by the governor and dunn to be the pivotal moment of the energy crisis.
winter, who in his position as president and chief operating officer of the iso, submitted a 50  page emergency request, asking federal officials to abolish the  250 price cap.
final authority over lifting the cap rested with the federal government.
neither the iso board, which had established the price cap, nor the governor learned of winter s actions until the cap had been removed.
in fact, the attorney who helped draft the emergency request, charles robinson, was in a meeting with representatives of the governor and iso board members just hours before the filing was made.
he did nt mention anything about it.
in retrospect, we should have told them,  robinson said.
with the price caps gone, the generators filed paperwork with federal regulators justifying higher costs.
the iso staff sat in a meeting with the governor s key energy advisers with poker faces, not saying a word about something that was going on at the exact same moment,  maviglio said.
it was beyond belief that they failed to mention something so significant.
this action accelerated the utilities  move toward bankruptcy and forced the governor to move the state into the power  buying business.
prices for electricity jumped from an average of  249 a megawatt to  700 a megawatt within three days, iso records show.
dunn believes the resulting overcharges for electricity exceeded  30 billion.
robinson said the filing  granted two hours after the request  helped rather than hurt californians.
prices, he said, did not spike as a result.
instead they followed the skyrocketing price of natural gas  which is used to run power plants to generate electricity.
robinson said the emergency order allowed the iso to secure refunds should overcharges for electricity be proven to federal officials.
we believe the action we took addressed a severe concern,  robinson said.
in our view, we did not believe we changed or made worse the financial situation.
we felt we made it better because it introduced a process for review and refund.
jan smutney  jones, who was the iso board chairman at the time and executive director of a group that represents power generators, said winter did not consult him about eliminating the price cap.
smutney  jones also said he was unaware of anyone in the power  generating community being consulted.
terry did this by himself,  said smutney  jones, executive director of the independent energy producers.
he did what he thought had to be done at the time to keep the power flowing.
the iso board called an emergency meeting the next week demanding winter explain his actions.
some board members pushed to have winter removed, but there were concerns such action would lead to more chaos, the governor s spokesman maviglio said.
james j. hoecker, the former federal energy regulatory commission chairman, defended making the december decision and also defended winter.
they filed an emergency motion, and we were not about to let california go dark,  hoecker said.
they  iso management  did what any independent system operator would do.
what dunn s committee hopes to learn is why all these events transpired.
he believes memos and emails around the time of winter s dec.8 actions should provide vital clues.
we do nt know why he did what he did, but we are eager to find out,  dunn said.
terry said he made that filing in the interest of californians, but i find that argument has no basis in fact.
we should resurrect mike smith s note and get him on the call in the attempt to avoid recreating the wheel on this one.
i can dig it up if you d like.
sue and jeff
i am having a meeting with vicki and janet dietrich on thursday to discuss our view on the ability to extend our current contracts in ca  for customers already on da .
can we discuss this today or soon thereafter.
my take is that the udcs will be indifferent to this  maybe   and our 1 priority is to work to get the pge model adopted across the state.
any news on how sce and sdge will move forward
thanks.
sounds good.
i suggest a  blind draw  on the teams, best ball not scramble on the golf, and as for the wager, no emails from the losing team for one week
is there any question
i ll leave to steve to structure the deal.
as i recall, montavano, shapiro and i usually make up one team, but i m willing to switch around a bit.
best,
jeff
are you playing golf
and if yes, what s the game and wager
jim
neal s. manne   nmannesusmangodfrey.com
11282000 0616 pm
it s a two way street, of course.
have they expressed any interest in negotiating
there is nothing wrong with a real negotiation, but nothing particularly helpful about generating one that s just for show.
particularly in the absence of any entreaty from them.
where is the  simple  explanation of the transportation piece
as i have told rnr, i think we should advise duke in writing that its ip is not in conformity with the contract, since it is in the alternative, and that our ip is hence the only one that will be before the arbitrators  since duke clearly can not change its ineffective ip at this stage, having already seen ours .
accordingly, the only issue left for arbitration is whether our ip  the only one and therefore the one they have to choose  is or is not an economic hardship under the contract.
what say ye
none
susan ranceenron
11282000 0358 pm
by friday december 1st, could you please tell me the percentages  amount of time you spent on east coast power during the months of october and november.
in addition, could you look over the list below to see if there are any additional employees in your group that spent time on ecp, so we can ensure we bill all of our used resources to ecp.
thanks for you cooperation.
mary perkins  could you forward the number of transactions and accounts.
jason chumley  could you forward the number of contractor hours and help  remote support hours.
hr  veronica parra, nedre strambler, fran mayes, felicia solis
legal  bob carter, travis mccullough, lisa mellencamp, shelia tweed, richard sanders, michelle cash
corporate finance  joe deffner, brain kerrigan, lewis worthy, mary perkins
it  jason chumley
structuring  technology  brad alford, chris coffman, bill keeney
insurance  david marshall
susan
looks good
steve van hooser
11282000 1134 am
richard,
how does this look
if i can get a few minutes with mark h. today, i m going to propose that i speak to stan klimberg about getting this signed before thursday s meeting with lipa.
thanks for your help this morning.
steve
in the three years i have been here, i am unaware of an ena  ect bad faith claim against any insurance company.
anyone else
if so, please contact michelle.
michelle blaineenrondevelopment
11282000 0735 pm
justin, i have no knowledge of any bad faith actins enron has pending in texas but i will call richard sanders who manages domestic litgation here.
i ve read the materials you sent and agree we need to address these allegations appropriately.
richard do you have any bad faith litigation pending against any insurers in texas or are you aware of any enron has filed
we sued houston casualty last year but i do nt recall making any bad faith claims.
it settled anyway, a long time ago.
mb
michelle,
did you get my fax on friday
i guess the questions on which i should like your steer are   a  do you have a particular sensitivity about the reference to bad faith proceedings made by united india
b  is it right that enron has3 sets of bad faith proceedings in texas
c  are you happy with the draft letter to beachcrofts i sent you
please give me a call if you would like to discuss.
justin
not when i was there, but i was nt there the whole time.
michelle and ken,
were you able to discuss the  bad faith  proceedings issue yesterday
if you got the chance today, i should be really grateful if one of you could give me a call to discuss this issue  i think we should set out dpc s position clearly on this in correspondence without too much delay.
justin

this message is confidential.
it may also be privileged or otherwise protected by work product immunity or other legal rules.
if you have received it by mistake please let us know by reply and then delete it from your system  you should not copy the message or disclose its contents to anyone.

address this to robin gibbs for my signature.
thanks.
russell montgomeryenron
11282000 0822 am
richard
per my voice mail, here is the letter.
as i mentioned, please let me know when it is ready, and i will send someone to pick it up.
thank you for your help.
russ 35297
brianpaiglincoln.com
rob jacobs  rsjacobsencoreacq.com
11282000 1125 am
hi rich,
have you heard if the kinga has had little brian ii yet
also, remind me of patterson s email, so i can harass him directly.
hope your pre chanukah planning is going well.
rob
c.dtf
as you can tell from the time of my email, i am getting crushed.
please ask her to be the contact person.
robert c williamsenrondevelopment
11282000 0946 am
now that michelle is in your fold, do you want to reconsider her being the contact person with aaa on this
i am sending you a letter from their atty.
call me to discuss.
cheryl marshall
11272000 1025 am
as of today, we have not received payment in full as requested in richard sanders  letter dated november 16, 2000.
we did receive a payment for  3,202.61 on 11202000.
richard  please let me know what we need to do next to file suit.
nuriaribarracalpx.com on 04282000 111511 am
the attached letter is being sent to you from patricia gillman.
see attached file  sanders letter 42800.doc
sanders letter 42800.doc
richard b sanders
11282000 0956 pm
i am sending you a letter from their atty.
call me to discuss.
cheryl marshall
11272000 1025 am
as of today, we have not received payment in full as requested in richard sanders  letter dated november 16, 2000.
we did receive a payment for  3,202.61 on 11202000.
richard  please let me know what we need to do next to file suit.
has liz finished with gathering the documents
melanie.grayweil.com
11132000 0343 pm
here are the revised dates for the response  reply  and hearing dates for enron s motion to compel.
as you may recall, they say they want a deposition on the parties  intention.
we should be expecting a deposition notice soon if they are going to follow through on their threat.
i passed along to liz austin your request regarding pleadings ak has filed setting forth the trustee s position in connection with the enforcement  nonenforcement of the power contracts and what remedies the trustee is seeking.
as you see below, she is pulling those together.
call to discuss the response to the trustee s settlement offer.
thanks.
hi
talked to craig and the court today.
the motion to compel is now scheduled for dec. 12 at2 p.m.
the trustee s oppositon papers are now due nov 27 and enron reply is due dec1.
i have my paralegal gathering the pleadings enron requested.
that is all for now.
liz
note
the information contained in this email message is intended only for use of the individual or entity named above.
if the reader of this message is not the intended recipient, or the employee or agent responsible to deliver it to the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that any dissemination, distribution or copying of this communication is strictly prohibited.
if you have received this communication in error, please immediately notify us by telephone  7135465000 , and destroy the original message.
thank you.
gerry strathmann   gstrathmannmediaone.net
11082000 0219 pm
dear mr. sanders

while i left a you a phone message with some information about our project, i thought i could give you some additional details by email as well ...

we are still very interested in having enron support our ecommerce dispute management protocol.
we have had enthusiastic responses from companies such as att, duke energy, pitney bowes and daimler chrysler, and i would be pleased to answer any questions you may have about this focal point for our educational efforts.
the real purpose of my call, however, is related to the services we will provide to support the aspirational statements of the protocol.
i am a member of the design group that has been developing the american arbitration association s dispute management systems and services for ecommerce b2b transactions.
at this time we are putting together small working groups to validate some of our assumptions and refine our initial service offerings.
initially our design group, along with perhaps one of our technology consultants, would like to meet with a group of enron people for half a day.
ideally this group would consist of four to six people from finance, legal, and operations so that we get good crossfunctional feedback about our services.
before the meeting we would provide you with a brief description of our proposed service offerings and a list of points for discussion at the meeting.
the real focus of the meeting will be on how we should build these services to meet the needs of businesses operating in b2b marketplaces.
we are very concerned with providing services that are relevant to that environment.
we would like to meet between november 14 and  december1  since construction of our services is already underway.
please let me know what is possible, and feel free to give me a call if you have any questions  9783769004 .

thanks.
gerry
gerry strathmann ecommerce group american arbitration association  978  3769004 3032944499
neal s. manne   nmannesusmangodfrey.com
11292000 0952 am
thanks, richard.
do you have a tel  for mike
thanks.
mark palmerenron
11292000 1045 am
i ll send a copy of the suit filed against the generators as soon as i get it.
mark
leopold, jason   jason.leopolddowjones.com
11292000 1040 am
hello energyphiles
ok, perhaps it was inevitable.
but it is now official.
a team of san diego s best antitrust and class action attorneys has been assembled to take on the electric generators and marketers in california state court in an effort to return the electricity overcharges that have battered san diego and the rest of california this year.
a press conference will be held to discuss the consumer class action lawsuit to be filed today.
when  11 am  noon
where  550 west c st.  bt columbia  india  suite 1810 law offices of levine, steinberg, miller  huver 6192319449
what  copies of the filed complaint will be made available at that time.
ucan s executive director and the attorney team will be available to answer questions about the complaint.
we are hopeful that we can post the complaint to the ucan web site later today.

time is the best teacher, except for the fact that it kills off its best students
michael shames executive director utility consumers  action network 1717 kettner blvd. suite 105 san diego, ca 92101 6196966966 mshamesucan.org
the industry of marriage and kids, you heard me.
marriage is, in and of itself, a noble concept, but it too often leads to kids and kids flat out suck.
how can i say such an abomination, ask you
look around you and notice all the mind numbing trailor trash cretins out there who should not be procreating, yet they do.
these are the people who keep jerry springer on the air.
these are the kids who will destroy society, because of the crapfest the american family has become under the post hippie culture, you heard again.
and you might think by reading this i blame the kids .....
not so, kids are what kids are and will do what they do.
it is literally monkey see and monkey do with them.
that will likely never change.
it s the bad parents out there who fuck up their lives and do nt seem to understand that once you decide to have kids, it is indeed time to grow up and be a responsible role model for those kids.
very few parents do this.
and this is a direct result of the politically correct, permissive, time out granting bullshit liberal culture that has caused this.
when you blame it all on society, there s noone to to take responsibility and all of a sudden you have generation of fucked up kids who are likley smoking, drinking, doing drugs, fucking the neighbor or some internet perv just because you are too lazy to see waht they re doing.
people like this will never have my sympathy, nor do they deserve my sympathy.
look inside yourselves parents, is this you
probably it is.
fuck you.
stop trying to pawn your brats off on others to  get a break .
you made a choice to be a mommy, you do nt get a break until they move out, that s the choice that you madea and that s life.
tough shit.
just because you re stuck, does nt give you the right to drag down all the singles around you.
another time i ll segueway into all the fun work related instances where  mommies  get out of doing work and hiding behind childcare as the reason.
this is the insidious conspiracy i call  mommism .
it must be stamped out.
httpwww.newsday.comnewsopinionnyvpnasa054135614feb05,0,5979821.storycollnyeditorialsheadlines
newsday.com
it looks like nasa is ready to sour again after its devastating loss from the columbia accident which occurred nearly two years ago.
now, nasa engineers and astronauts are almost giddy with  go  fever as the tentative date for the first launch since the columbia disaster approaches.
the most important question is nt whether discovery is technically ready to fly with new safety features and emergency procedures, but whether the agency itself has learned from the crucial errors most common to challenger and columbia, errors that grew out of a management culture that discouraged criticism and sacrificed safety for image  puffing and budget  cutting.
i hope so.
seeing another  columbia  incident can be quite frightening  i woke up to it early in the morning when i was in texas .
we do nt need another incident as exploring the cosmos is something that keeps our imagination going as a species.
maybe one day they will allow space tourism,  hopefully that will be in the near future  although i would recommend that nasa build new shuttles instead of trying to preserve the older ones.
you do have to give nasa credit on some things as they have eliminated the  fear of reporting failure  culture that probably led to the lack of reporting defects on the columbia shuttle.
instead they are encouraging everyone to come forward if they see any potential problems  as it is clear that overlooked problems could result in unnecessary losses .
but supporters are pointing a few good things out
clearly, the agency has worked hard at tackling the technical challenges posed by a superb and surprisingly independent  minded investigative panel.
a few weeks ago, shuttle workers at the kennedy space center received a rocket  like boost in morale with two important deliveries for the next shuttle to carry.
one is a special tool to detect damage to the thermal  protective tile while in orbit  something the columbia crew would have welcomed.
the other is a new fuel tank  guaranteed  by nasa not to shed potentially fatal hunks of insulation.
nasa has some pr hurdles to overcome in the future.
but let s hope for their sake  and the sake of all space lovers out there  that they can redefine their image and rekindle the hope of space colonization again.
selah.

posted by hidden nook to hidden nook at 272005 010932 am
healing the collective body
in george orwell s influential novel  1984  doublethink is a device promoted by the totalitarian state government to make people accept two irreconcilable ideas at the same time such as  war is peace .
i see the merit in flowing with duality.
one of my most cherished dualities is the understanding that we are both autonomous individuals with the power to shape our personal destinies and at the same time we are all one, that there is no separation between you and i, we are all together in this thing called life, we human beings, the birds and the tress, the rocks and the sky, all of it.
i have written a lot recently about healing the self so today here are a few words on healing our collective body, mind and soul.
think of all life, if you will, as one great choir or one grand congregation.
our strength is in our unity and harmony.
any major dischord and we all suffer.
any insult to the collective good brings us all down.
living out of synch with nature is the great disease, from that flows all the tributaries we have come to think of as sickness.
we are only as strong as our weakest, we are only as healthy as the sickest amongst us  playing sports and being in the army taught me that lesson before i was finished being a teenager.
when the healthy treat the sick with scorn and intolerance it brings us all down.
when those lucky enough not to have herpes create a climate of shame and indignity for those of us who do, not only are they hurting us, but they are hurting themselves.
there is no escape from the collective ocean we all swim in.
what you project will always come back to either reward or haunt you.
we are now suffering from the consequences of our rape of the environment, our rejection of the natural for the industrial, and our embrace of violence over peace.
jesus said that what you do the least of the people you do to him.
what are you doing to the least of the people
if we are all in this thing together, let s play nice.
remember that what you do to yourself affects me and everybody else, remember that what you do to me and anyone else shapes your destiny.
no matter what progress we make as individuals in becoming healthier, we will never achieve real health until we collectively decide to create a healthier reality.
fortunately circumstances will force our hand soon since our collective bad behaviour can not continue indefinitely.
in the near future collective choices will need to be made.
will we choose to live in harmony with this planet or crash and burn in a conflagration of arrogance and disregard
will we choose to rise about prejudice and intolerance or go down kicking and screaming with holding on to fear and anger
there is no health without peace and no peace without health.
november 2005
sunshine coast, british columbia, canada
christopher scipio homeopath  herbalist holistic viral specialist
one simple idea.
one huge opportunity.
what are you searching for
more personal freedom
more time with your family
independent wealth
freedom from the fear of corporate downsizing
whether you are looking for a part  time income to help pay off your debts or you are looking for the freedom offered by working from home on a full time basis, agel is the vehicle that can make that happen.
agel is a new company and is uniquely positioned to be the next giant in the network marketing industry.
the company has developed an entirely new category of products.
imagine being part of the next industry  changing innovation.
innovative products
agel introduces an entirely new category of products called gelceuticals.
the company has developed a unique and innovative delivery mechanism for nutritional products.
this proprietary gel suspension technology makes possible single serving packets of gelceuticals.
in this delivery format, your body can immediately start receiving the benefits of the product components as the absorption of vitamins, minerals and nutrients is maximized.
never before has such a convenient method been available for consuming nutritional products.
consider these convenience factors
no water needed  as with tablets or capsules
exotic juice benefits without the big bottle  no glass and water weight
single serving packages  imagine the sampling capabilities
perfect for those with difficulty swallowing tablets or capsules
faster, more efficient, delivery to the body learn more
revolutionary compensation
agel has created a new compensation structure that is truly revolutionary.
it is our belief that this compensation plan will produce some of the largest checks in network marketing history.
the plan ca nt be described as a binary, a breakaway, a unilevel, or a forced matrix.
it is a revolutionary hybrid.
what is long term viability
it is not just company longevity.
if you used to make  100 k and now only make  30 k, this is not long term viability.
ten years later your check should still be the same or greater, fulfilling the promise of long  term residual income.
the agel compensation plan includes the principles that ensure that promise can be fulfilled for those who work at it.
are you unsure of agel
take time to discover the unlimited possibilities with agel
the call will feature a host of other field leaders, and our founder and ceo, glen jensen.
this call will smoke
you will discover   how to create the security of residual income   why agel is the best vehicle to live your dreams   the amazing scientific breakthrough behind the products   how the  quadra  plan  builds bigger bonus checks faster   the support system in place to help you build stronger  and  the secret to lock in a  legacy  position
here are the numbers to call
6202944000 or 6202943000
the passcode to participate is  5107
date  tuesday, november 22, 2005
time  800 pm eastern standard time
location  conference call
500 pt  600 mt  700 ct  800 et
i ll see you there
steve fillmore 6122059814 6202941909
email   dharmadeva   dharmad...gmail.com
namaskar
hi all
we now present the kaoshikii dance, which is excellent before and after yoga postures.
i encourage you to do this dance, as it has tremendous positive effects.
it is a dance for both males and females.
dharma

kaoshikii is a dance which was invented in 1978 by shrii shrii anandamurti.
it is a psychospiritual exercise and benefiting the mind by developing stamina and strength.
kaoshikii is especially good for women.
it can ward off and cure a number of diseases, keeps the body youthful and enables an easy delivery in childbirth.
kaoshikii comes from the sanskrit word  kosa  meaning shell or layer of mind.
the self of the individual lies hidden in the innermost layers of existence  kosas .
thus kaoshikii is a blossoming of the microcosm  unit being  in its attempt to attain a link with the macrocosm  cosmic consciousness .
this attempt is normally referred to as mysticism.

the benefits
exercises all the glands and limbs from head to toes.
increases longevity.
makes for easy delivery at childbirth.
the spine will become flexible.
arthritis of the spine, neck, waist and other joints will be removed.
gout in the spine, neck, hands and waist will be lost.
the mind becomes strong and sharp.
irregularities in menstruation will be cured.
glandular secretions will become regulated.
troubles in the bladder and urethra will be cured.
gives control over the limbs.
adds charm and shine to the face and skin.
removes wrinkles.
removes lethargy.
cures insomnia.
cures hysteria.
fear complexes will be removed.
hopelessness will be lost.
helps in self  expression and develops one s potentiality.
spinal pain, piles, hernia, hydrocele in men, nervous pain, nervous disability will be cured.
cures kidney and gall bladder troubles, gastric trouble, dyspepsia, acidity, dysentery, obesity and liver diseases.
increases the capacity to work until 75  80 years of age.

the dance
the eighteen steps of the dance are done rhythmically.
first the dancer begins in the starting position  the hands together and raised over the head.
then to the beat of  dhin, dhin, ..., ta, ta , the dancers begin their step, placing the big toe behind the heel of the other foot.
in the final two steps, the dancers firmly stamp their feet on the ground.
kaoshikii can be danced for as many rounds as you like.

the ideation
when the dancers start the step with the beat of  dhin, dhin ... , the mental ideation should also be kept.
here is the ideation.
the two hands when upraised and folded together represent   now i am trying to establish a link with parama purusa  supreme consciousness .
bending to the right indicates   i know the right way to request you.
bending to the left indicates   i know how to fulfil your demands.
bending forward suggests   i completely surrender to you.
bending backward represents   i am ready to face all obstacles that may come.
the last two steps represent   o lord i repeat your cosmic rhythm.
quebecker wins u.s. bravery award
pittsburgh
a quebec man was awarded a carnegie medal for bravery on monday for saving two friends by fighting off a polar bear with a pocket knife two years ago on baffin island
dr. eric fortier, 34, of gatineau, que., used a pocket knife to attack a polar bear on baffin island, just south of the arctic circle, to save two friends who were being mauled.
all of the research and all of the preparation i did leading up to the trip gave no indication that there were bears in the soper  river  valley where we were canoeing,  dr. fortier said.
dr. fortier, an orthodontist, learned there was at least one polar bear in the central region of baffin island in july 2001 when he felt what he thought was a dog leaning on his tent wall.
my first thought was to push it away,  he said.
a few seconds later my girlfriend saw the shadow of a bear s paw through the tent fly and then it started ripping through the ceiling.
the polar bear is more dangerous than most other bears.
the latter usually consider human beings a threat but the polar bear considers humans a snack, experts said.
the two screamed to frighten the bear and warn their friends in a tent several metres away but the bear ripped into that tent and began mauling 31  year  old alain parenteau.
their screams changed,  dr. fortier said.
i grabbed my glasses and my knife and unzipped my tent and headed out.
the bear dwarfed the6  foot 1 mr. parenteau, knocking him to the ground, he said.
dr. fortier threw a large rock at the bear, distracting it and allowing parenteau to escape but it then turned on 25  year  old patricia doyon, who was in the same tent.
again dr. fortier threw rocks at the bear and again its target was able to escape.
the bear gave chase and i gave chase,  he said.
at some point, patricia tripped or the bear tripped her and was at her back.
i was beside the bear s head and i stabbed it with an upper cut below the jaw in the neck a couple of times.
the bear ran off.
while there was some fur and blood on the nine  centimetre blade, dr. fortier said he does nt think he hurt the bear badly.
both mr. parenteau and ms. doyon, however, were bleeding badly.
dr. fortier and his girlfriend lashed two canoes together and paddled eight kilometres along the soper river.
dr. fortier travelled another three kilometres by foot to seek help in the nearest settlement.
both mr. parenteau and ms. doyon were airlifted to a hospital and survived, though mr. parenteau had a gash within a centimetre of his jugular, dr. fortier said.
dr. fortier was one of 15 people to receive the carnegie medal on monday.
the bronze medal is given to people who  risk their lives to an extraordinary degree while saving or attempting to save the lives of others.
the other canadian recipient of the medal was ronald joseph crawford, 42, of hamilton, who was killed aug.4, 2002, while trying to defend a hamilton sandwich shop owner from a robber wielding a knife.
mr. crawford threw several punches at the assailant before he was stabbed in the heart.
u.s. industrialist andrew carnegie started a hero fund in 1904 after being inspired by rescue stories from a mine disaster that killed 181 people.
the award comes with a  3,500  u.s.  grant.
important information of big companies
apple computers
it was the favorite fruit of founder steve jobs.
he was three months late in filing a name for the business, and he threatened to call his company apple computers if the other colleagues did nt suggest a better name by5 oclock.
cisco
it is not an acronym as popularly believed.
it is short for san francisco.
compaq
this name was formed by using comp, for computer, and paq to denote a small integral object.
corel
the name was derived from the founder s name dr. michael cowpland.
it stands for cowpland research laboratory.
google
the name started as a joke boasting about the amount of information the search  engine would be able to search.
it was originally named  googol , a word for the number represented by1 followed by 100 zeros.
after founders  stanford graduate students sergey brin and larry page presented their project to an angel investor, they received a cheque made out to  google
hotmail
founder jack smith got the idea of accessing email via the web from a computer anywhere in the world.
when sabeer bhatia came up with the business plan for the mail service, he tried all kinds of names ending in  mail  and finally settled for hotmail as it included the letters  html   the programming language used to write web pages.
it was initially referred to as hotmail with selective uppercasing.
hewlett packard
bill hewlett and dave packard tossed a coin to decide whether the company they founded would be called hewlett  packard or packard  hewlett.
intel
bob noyce and gordon moore wanted to name their new company  moore noyce  but that was already trademarked by a hotel chain so they had to settle for an acronym of integrated electronics.
lotus  notes
mitch kapor got the name for his company from  the lotus position  or  padmasana .
kapor used to be a teacher of transcendental meditation of maharishi mahesh yogi.
microsoft
coined by bill gates to represent the company that was devoted to microcomputer software.
originally christened micro  soft, the    was removed later on.
motorola
founder paul galvin came up with this name when his company started manufacturing radios for cars.
the popular radio company at the time was called victrola.
oracle
larry ellison and bob oats were working on a consulting project for the cia  central intelligence agency .
the code name for the project was called oracle  the cia saw this as the system to give answers to all questions or something such .
the project was designed to help use the newly written sql code by ibm.
the project eventually was terminated but larry and bob decided to finish what they started and bring it to the world.
they kept the name oracle and created the rdbms engine.
later they kept the same name for the company.
sony
it originated from the latin word  sonus  meaning sound, and  sonny  a slang used by americans to refer to a bright youngster.
sun
founded by4 stanford university buddies, sun is the acronym for stanford university network.
andreas bechtolsheim built a microcomputer  vinod khosla recruited him and scott mcnealy to manufacture computers based on it, and bill joy to develop a unix  based os for the computer.
yahoo
the word was invented by jonathan swift and used in his book  gulliver s travels .
it represents a person who is repulsive in appearance and action and is barely human.
yahoo founders jerry yang and david filo selected the name because they considered themselves yahoos ...
i am on yahoo
email  mayur...yahoo.com sms   919819602175 web
hi all,
there are already several forums around the net focused on discussing guild wars, so why create a new one
i say why not
the main reason is google is more accessible to the global community and you can rest assured that it s not going to go away.
i have seen great fan sites suddenly disappear without notice and for no reason.
usually this happens because the developer of the site can no longer afford the cost of bandwidth being used.
that said, the maintenance of this forum is handled by google and thus will remain reliable and it will ultimately give us more time to play .
i m nothing more than a devoted fan of the game myself and i hope that this area can become a haven for deep fan discussions.
regards,
humanpixel
aye
good day mate
i m really looking forward to guild wars.
anyone know a release date
feb 2005
feb 2005 is the projected release date, although guild wars is made by exmembers of blizzard, so feb 2005 could mean august 2006 ...
anyway, i tried to get a preorder but no places were selling it so i missed out on 23 weekend events.
oh well, i ll get it when it comes out in febuary.
rumor has feb 05 on the calender.
but they stated that they will take as long as it takes to work out all the bugs so who really know how long.
as far as pre order go to and they have a list of major retailers that carry it there are also a few websites that you could order it off of.
and a good reason for starting this group .... company firewalls lol
i was kind of curious, what exactly is guild wars
i hav nt heard of it.
check out the guild wars web site at for more info about the game.
it s a massive multiplayer role playing game.
the graphics are without a doubt the amoung the best graphics i have ever seen for any game and i have been gaming since the mud days.
it s worth a look.
i have a preorder and am even considering getting a second preorder to have multiple accounts.
i have participated in all the weekend beta events and the world preview.
the game is already 100  functional.
i ca nt imagine them not being able to meet the feb 05 deadline.
warm greetings to all in this gw community.
i am lady kingel and i hail from the united legit gaming guilds of guild wars.
we are a consortium of legit honorable guilds that was established in 1997 for di and we are now adding gw to the list of games played.
the alliance is a pretty straightforward one.
it was formed to allow many different guilds who were all strictly honorable to come together as a family and allow them many people to game with.
there are no other requirements other than we ask that members greet each new member and each new alliance and also feel free to post in any of the forums.
we are also a group who is looking for members for our own select guild called ulgg of gw ... which is a part of the alliance with the same name.
we play in all aspects of the game and we hand pick our members.
i would like to personally invite each of you to visit our website.
you are individuals of quality, and in our alliance we seek quality of member over quantity of member.
you will be asked to register, and then you should wander over to the announce your arrival section and present yourself.
you will be greeted by many members of this wonderful family.
i do hope to see you visiting us at the fire and we shall prepare a feast for you, as well.
if you paste this in your browser, it will take you directly to our gw website.
i extend my hand to each of you in true friendship, and honor.
come and say hello ... you will be warmly welcomed
we are currently moving to a new server, so we will be down for a while.
i will inform when we are up and running again.
i wish all happy holidays, and moreso, peace on earth.
kingel
dear judges, lawyers, policemen, guards, counselors, taxpayers, et. al.,
we are here.
like it or not, for good or bad, we are here.
who are we
we are the downtrodden and dispossesed, the self  torturing, the disenfranchised convicts, drug and alcohol addicts, the unemployed and unemployable.
we are the children of poverty, financial and spiritual.
we have and will have children of our own, grandchildren too.
we are excons, uninsured, homeless, of many colors and speaking many tongues.
we are the enemy in what has become a domestic war against ourselves.
and who are you
you who like the tough talk of tough on crime
you who watch as budgets are cut in education and health care while you militarize a police force
bullet  proof vests, automatic weapons, helicopters, tanks, robots ... the testosterone is oozing through the streets, more prisons, longer sentences, tighten the belt, spartan conditions, task forces, gang units, gun courts.
and what is there to show for it
unemployent stays low because half the population oversees those  out of the workforce , the dregs, the rabble, the enemy
please tell me there is a deeper reason.
do you feel safer
more humane
more like a cohesive society with a shared sense of purpose, who can identify us and them
do you live in a gated community or gentrified neighborhood
by the way, have you read the declaration of independence and us constitution  or do you only know the first phrases
it s about time we got together.
please know that i have yet to meet a convict who wants their child to be a thief, an addict, a dealer, a prostitute, or a violent individual.
most of us still have hope for ourselves even when stuck in the darkest dilemmas, ruts and catch  22s.
most of us believe in crafting laws and instilling order.
many of us have burrowed beneath the surface to find a spiritual sense of being, an understanding force at least as powerful as those we succumbed to, and many of use would nt escape if you opened the front door.
did you know that approximately 10 million americans are either incarcerated, on probation, on parole or once were in those categories
each of those 10 million have families, friends, neighbors ... and so closer and closer does the we interface with the you.
do nt you think it s time we talked
are you ready
can you accept that the road we are travelling points toward a grim and painful future
do you have the heart to face monumental failures while bravely struggling beyond where we are now
i know that some of you are, and that some of us are, and this is what gives me hope.
you need our insights just as we need your structure.
it is never over, especially when a real solution, a real treatment for our sickness, is yet to begin.
in solidarity,
bruce reilly  a.k.a bruha  p.o. box 8274 cranston, ri 02920 usa
p.s.  i am trying to conceptualize an effective guerilla media campaign to promote this cause.
ideas are welcome.
collaboration is prayed.
an annotated text of the bill, read the article by d. singmaster in  the mathematical intelligencer  v7 2, pp 69  72.

subject  where can i get the necessary software to get a  smart  mail system running on my machine that will take advantage of the postings in comp.mail.maps   e.g., pathalias, smail, etc.
there are a couple of packages available through the supporters of the comp.sources.unix archives.
if sites next to you do nt have what you want, contact your nearest comp.sources.unix archive, or the moderator.
information on archive sites, and indices of comp.sources.unix back issues are posted regularly in comp.sources.unix and comp.sources.d.

subject  what is  food for the nsa line  eater
this refers to the alleged scanning of all usenet traffic by the national security agency  and possibly other intelligence organizations  for interesting keywords.
the  food  is believed to contain some of those
email   peanutjake   peanutjak...usa.com
groups  misc.consumers
subject  immediate attention needed
highly confidential urgent assistance  from usa
from  george walker bush 202.456.1414  202.456.1111 fax  202.456.2461
dear sir  madam,
i am george walker bush, son of the former president of the united states of america george herbert walker bush, and currently serving as president of the united states of america.
this letter might surprise you because we have not met neither in person nor by correspondence.
i came to know of you in my search for a reliable and reputable person to handle a very confidential business transaction, which involves the transfer of a huge sum of money to an account requiring maximum confidence.
i am writing you in absolute confidence primarily to seek your assistance in acquiring oil funds that are presently trapped in the republic of iraq.
my partners and i solicit your assistance in completing a transaction begun by my father, who has long been actively engaged in the extraction of petroleum in the united states of america, and bravely served his country as director of the united states central intelligence agency.
in the decade of the nineteen  eighties, my father, then vice  president of the united states of america, sought to work with the good offices of the president of the republic of iraq to regain lost oil revenue sources in the neighboring islamic republic of iran.
this unsuccessful venture was soon followed by a falling  out with his iraqi partner, who sought to acquire additional oil revenue sources in the neighboring emirate of kuwait, a wholly  owned u.s.  british subsidiary.
my father resecured the petroleum assets of kuwait in 1991 at a cost of sixty  one billion u.s. dollars   61,000,000,000 .
out of that cost, thirty  six billion dollars   36,000,000,000  were supplied by king hussein, kingdom of saudi arabia and other persian gulf monarchies, and sixteen billion dollars   16,000,000,000  by german and japanese partners.
but my father s former iraqi business partner remained in control of the republic of iraq and its petroleum reserves.
my family is calling for your urgent assistance in funding the removal of the president of the republic of iraq and acquiring the petroleum assets of his country, as compensation for the costs of removing him from power.
unfortunately, our partners from 1991 are not willing to shoulder the burden of this new venture, which in its upcoming phase may cost the sum of 100 billion to 200 billion dollars   100,000,000,000   200,000,000,000 , both in the initial acquisition and in long  term management.
without the funds from our 1991 partners, we would not be able to acquire the oil revenue trapped within iraq.
that is why my family and our colleagues are urgently seeking your gracious assistance.
our distinguished colleagues in this business transaction include the sitting vicepresident of the united states of america, richard cheney, who is an original partner in the iraq venture and former head of the halliburton oil company, and condoleeza rice, whose professional dedication to the venture was demonstrated in the naming of a chevron oil tanker after her.
i would beseech you to transfer a sum equaling ten to twenty  five percent  10  25   of your yearly income to our account to aid in this important venture.
the internal revenue service of the united states of america will function as our trusted intermediary.
i propose that you make this transfer before the fifteenth  15th  of the month of april.
i know that a transaction of this magnitude would make anyone apprehensive and worried.
but i am assuring you that all will be well at the end of the day.
a bold step taken shall not be regretted, i assure you.
please do be informed that this business transaction is 100  legal.
if you do not wish to cooperate in this transaction, please contact our intermediary representatives to further discuss the matter.
i pray that you understand our plight.
my family and our colleagues will be forever grateful.
please reply in strict confidence to the contact numbers below.
sincerely with warm regards,
george walker bush switchboard  202.456.1414 comments  202.456.1111 fax  202.456.2461 email  presid...whitehouse.gov
us battles to save storm victims
watch the airlift
emergency teams in the southern us are battling to reach survivors of hurricane katrina, the most destructive storm to hit the country in decades.
hundreds of people are feared dead in mississippi, and the louisiana city of new orleans is badly flooded.
the city mayor said rescuers were unable to retrieve the dead.
they re just pushing them aside,  he said.
amid worsening conditions, officials plan to evacuate a new orleans stadium where up to 20,000 people took shelter.
the superdome stadium is without power, and toilets are overflowing.
map of central new orleans
it s a very, very desperate situation,  louisiana governor kathleen blanco said.
an error occurred while processing this directive
one resident of new orleans said escaping from the storm was  hell .
we were screaming, hollering, flashing lights.
it was complete chaos,  kioka williams told the associated press news agency.
she had to hack her way through the ceiling of her beauty shop as flood waters rose in the city of half a million people  much of which lies below sea level.
flooding
walls keeping water out of the bowl  shaped city have been breached, and emergency teams are using helicopters to drop 1,350 kg  3,000 lb  sandbags and concrete barriers into the gaps.
before the phones went, i was told  my family in biloxi  had lost their roof, barn,2 oak trees and many pines and they were letting in water
natalie mcveigh oakley, england
your katrina experiences
blogging katrina
new orleans mayor ray nagin said up to 80  of the city was submerged, in some cases by waters6 m  20 ft  deep.
he warned water levels could still rise.
some sections of the city which are dry now could see nine or 10 feet  some3 m  of water,  he said.
the us army corps of engineers says it could take a month to clear the flood waters, and the government s disaster relief agency has urged evacuees not to try to get back to their homes.
the bbc s alastair leithead in new orleans says there is panic as vital supplies run out.
heavily armed police have been trying to impose a form of martial law to stem outbreaks of looting.
while some looters are stealing nonessential goods, others are simply trying to find food and water.
hundreds dead
the situation appears to be even worse in mississippi.
you re going to be looking at hundreds dead along the coast,  a state official said.
an error occurred while processing this directive
casinos housed in barges have been hurled onto the beach and beyond.
tens of thousands are homeless, and officials say it could be weeks before power is restored.
i can only imagine that this is what hiroshima looked like 60 years ago,  said mississippi governor haley barbour after viewing the destruction from the air.
survivors are being found all the time, including two children who lost their parents.
harrison county in mississippi bore the brunt of hurricane katrina as it slammed into biloxi and gulfport before heading inland.
mississippi media earlier reported 54 people killed in the state.
in biloxi, 30 people were reported dead in one block of flats which was hit by a9 m  30 ft   storm surge .
the town s death toll may be  in the hundreds , municipal spokesman vincent creel said.
mobilising
louisiana s governor blanco urged residents to spend wednesday in prayer and assured them the crisis would eventually be overcome.
follow katrina s path
the us red cross has mobilised thousands of volunteers for its biggest  ever natural disaster effort and federal emergency teams are being dispatched to affected areas.
president george w bush, who has cut his holiday two days short, has called on americans to donate to the red cross or other organisations.
damage estimates of more than  25 bn suggest it could be the us insurance industry s most expensive natural disaster ever.
the price of crude oil on the international market hit a record  70.85 a barrel due to the vulnerability of oil and gas fields in the gulf of mexico.
the us energy secretary has announced that oil will be released from government petroleum reserves.
return to the top
moon landing hoax  church  technology  government  shuttle carried on aircraft model
q  nasa is a waste
answered,2 comments
question
subject  nasa is a waste
category  science  astronomy
asked by  yheggy  ga
list price   2.00
posted  25 oct 2004 1832 pdt
expires  24 nov 2004 1732 pst
question id  420072
how much money does the usa give nasa per year
answer
subject  re  nasa is a waste
answered by  googlenut  ga on 25 oct 2004 1914 pdt
hello yheggy  ga,
on september 21, 2004, the u.s. senate appropriations committee approved  16.379 billion in funding for nasa for fiscal year 2005.
this is a  200 million increase over what nasa received for fiscal year 2004.
u.s. senate committee on appropriations
press release
september 21, 2004
national aeronautics and space administration  nasa   is funded at  16.379 billion, an increase of  200 million over the fy04 enacted level, and a reduction of  665 million from the budget request.
an additional  800 million in emergency funding was added for nasa during the committee s consideration of the bill.
the return to flight activities for the shuttle program are funded at  4.319 billion, the requested level from the administration.
the international space station is funded at  1.6 billion.
the bill reduces iss operations by  120 million due to the continued reduced capability of the iss for at least half of fy05.
the moon  mars vision
the crew exploration vehicle  cev  is funded at  268 million.
a lunar exploration mission is funded at  20 million.
10 million is provided for centennial challenges.
neighborhood reinvestment corporation  nrc   is funded at  115 million, the same as fy04 and the budget request.
spacetoday.net
senate increases nasa funding
the senate appropriations committee used a somewhat controversial technique tuesday to increase nasa s fiscal year 2005 budget by  200 million over what president bush requested.
the committee voted to give nasa  16.4 billion in 2005, about  200 million more than what the president requested and over 1 billion more than what house appropriators approved in july.
i hope you have found this information helpful.
if you have any questions, please request clarification prior to rating the answer.
googlenut
google search terms
nasa funding
comments log in to add a comment
subject  re  nasa is a waste
from  saemaero  ga on 26 oct 2004 1811 pdt
excellent answer googlenut.
let me add some additional info.
you can get details about nasa spending here, from their own webpage.
also, from their own webpage, reasons why nasa is important, in a 5th grade format.
i guess if you are someone not familiar with how nasa benefits our society i can see how one might form the opinion of yheggy  ga.
let me put it this way  if you have watched tv recently, crossed a modern bridge, flown in an airplane, recieved any form of modern medicine, did any mathematics, drove a car, used a cellular phone, etc. then you have somehow directly reaped the rewards which nasa has returned to us.
also nasa has a large outreach program for education, some people believe this is important.
best, steve.
subject  re  nasa is a waste  from  jaqamofino  ga on 26 apr 2005 0602 pdt
i believe that nasa is a huge waste of tax payers  money, but there are so many huge wastes of tax payer monies, that i find it best not to think about it.
i also think the national endowment for the arts is a waste, but i guess i would rather see my money go to the nea than nasa.
of course, in a perfect world, tax payers  money would go toward some sort of national healthcare program, and housing for the homeless, but this is far from a perfect world.
in response to steve s comment  do you really believe that spending trillions on space exploration over the years was the only way to invent the cellfone
and bridges
i find that extremely hard to believe.
i think it could have been done in a much more cost efficient way, right here on bad  old  planet  earth.
just my two cents.
thanks for listening.
please take a moment to read this.
i realize that it may sound strange, but we are desparate in our efforts and are willing to try anything to help our dear sick friend.
this costs absolutely nothing, and will take about one minute of your time.
this is not a hoax, as so many of these emails actully are.
in quick summary, beyond control, a local band in our area, is sponoring a benefit for a cancer victim whose benefits have run out.
that band is involved in a local competition which promises a  5000 first prize, which they would like to win in order to donate it to the benefit fund which they have started.
below are some emails to friends explaining a little more about this effort.
what we are trying to do is solicit votes for the band, in order to put them in first place.
they are currently in third place, and need your help so that the prize money can be used for a humanatarian cause.
you can vote at the following link, it will only take a few seconds.
please take a moment to click on the link below and cast your vote for beyond control.
thank you in advance for your contribution to this effort.
also, please pass this along to everyone you know, and all of your email contacts.
we need the power of the internet to pull this off.
the web site is
you can check the validity of all of this at the beyond control website.
that address is.
the home page for rockin on the river is, and it lists all the acts scheduled for the season.
you can check that out as well, to confirm that this is all real, and for a worthy cause.
abby is our beloved friend, and we are trying to raise money for her any way we can, so this prize money is important to help her continue to receive her life  saving treatments.
many thanks, and may god bless you all and keep you healthy.
here are some emails we have sent, along with the flyer for the benefit fund raiser we are holding in june, just for your information.
roy,
i am sending you some info that i have passed along regarding the effort to win the cash for the fund raising benefit.
if you can pass this info along, and ask everyone you know to forward it to their contacts, etc, we may have a shot at pulling this off.
thanks,
fred
john,
i will attach the letter explaining the benefit we are sponsoring.
there is a link to the contest page.
any help in distributing this will be greatly appreciated.
it is certainly for a good cause.
abby needs to fly to new york twice a month for these treatments, and her time on the federal grant program has expired.
she does nt have the funds to continue without the grant, and without these treatments, her prognosis is grim.
i hope you have a huge network.
also encourage your recipients to forward this along to their contacts, and so on, so that the movement to help her grows exponentially.
we must finish in first place in order to contribute the  5000 to the benefit fund.
thank you so much for caring enough to offer your help.
fred
benefit auction  raffle for abby freeman
when  june 12, 2005, 200 p.m. to 200 a.m.
where  main street saloon
admission  donations at the door
abby freeman is our good friend who has nonhodgkin lymphoma, and she needs your help
her grant for the life saving treatments she needs has run out, and we need to help her to continue to receive these treatments.
abby has three wonderful young children, and friends who love her and need her.
please help us to help her win this fight.
with your help, we know she can do it
we ll have four bands, and big d is cookin ..... lots of fun and great prizes.
this is an event you do nt want to miss
bands, food, and prizes are sponsored by beyond control, who will be competing in the band of the year contest at the river front festival in cuyahoga falls on july1.
the winner of this competition will receive  5000, which beyond control hopes to win in order to donate it to the abby freeman fund.
please help us by logging onto the rockin on the river website at.
cast a vote for beyond control, and help us provide abby with her life saving treatments again.
donations can also be made through charter one bank.
make checks payable to kendel bunnell c  o benefit for abby freeman
by richard spencer
filed  19112004
china s insatiable demand for energy is prompting fears of financial and diplomatic collisions around the globe as it seeks reliable supplies of oil from as far away as brazil and sudan.
an intrusion into japanese territorial waters by a chinese nuclear submarine last week and a trade deal with brazil are the latest apparently unconnected consequences of china s soaring economic growth.
increased car usage in china is creating a high demand for petrol
the connection, however, lies in an order issued last year by president hu jintao to seek secure oil supplies abroad  preferably ones which could not be stopped by america in case of conflict over taiwan.
the submarine incident was put down to a  technical error  by the chinese government, which apologised to japan.
but even before the incident the people s daily, the government mouthpiece, had commented that competition over the east china sea between the two countries was  only a prelude of the game between china and japan in the arena of international energy .
the brazil trade deal included funding for a joint oil  drilling and pipeline programme at a cost that experts said would add up to three times the cost of simply buying oil on the market.
the west, however, has paid little attention to these developments.
for the united states and europe are far more concerned with the even more sensitive issues of china s relations with  pariah states .
in september, china threatened to veto any move to impose sanctions on sudan over the atrocities in darfur.
it has invested 3 billion in the african country s oil industry, which supplies it with seven per cent of its needs.
then, this month, it said that it opposed moves to refer iran s nuclear stand  off with the international atomic energy agency to the united nations security council.
a week before, china s second biggest state oil firm had signed a  70 billion deal for oilfield and natural gas development with iran, which already supplies 13 per cent of china s needs.
china has its own reserves of oil and natural gas and once was a net oil exporter.
but as its economy has expanded by an average of nine per cent per year for the last two decades, so has its demand for energy.
this year it overtook japan as the world s second largest consumer of energy, behind the us.
its projected demand, boosted by a huge rise in car ownership as well as the need to find alternatives to polluting coal for electricity generation, has contributed to the surge in the price of oil this year.
shortages are already leading to power cuts in the big cities.
since president hu ordered state  owned oil firms to  go abroad  to ensure supply, they have begun drilling for gas in the east china sea, just west of the line that japan regards as its border.
japan protested, to no avail, that the project should be a joint one.
the two are also set to clash over russia s oil wealth.
china is furious that japan has outbid it in their battle to determine the route of the pipeline that russia intends to build to the far east.
japan favoured a route to the sea, enabling oil to be shipped to both japan and china.
china wanted an overland route through its own territory, which would give it ultimate control if hostilities broke out.
increasingly, analysts are saying that china s efforts have gone beyond what is safe or even in its own interests.
claude mandil, the executive director of the international energy agency in paris, said the reserves in the east china sea were hardly worth the trouble.
nobody thinks that there will be a lot of oil and gas in this part of the world,  he said.
it may be a difficult political issue but i do nt think the energy content is worthwhile.
eurasia group, a new york  based firm of political analysts, said its oil experts worked out that china was paying such an inflated price for its investment in brazil that the cost for the oil it ended up with was three times the market price.
if china s economy falters, which, in my view, appears increasingly likely, then commodity prices will plummet, and with them, the value of the assets that produce them,  jason kindopp, eurasia s lead china analyst, said.
beijing may end up in a early 1990s japan situation, where it is forced to sell recently purchased overseas assets for a fraction of what it paid for them.
china s wider aggression to secure oil and gas was the greatest threat to its international standing in the next decade.
sudan is the primary example,  he said.
it marks the first time in recent years that china has promised to wield its veto power in the un security council against a petition initiated by the united states and backed by france and great britain.
email  dharmad...gmail.com
visualizations as a helpful beginning technique

if you consider that you still need the assistance of other visualizations to help the mind feel the spirit of transcendence, try the following before moving onto the more formal method below.
visualisations can be as useful tools, but meditation is more than that.
meditation has to do with what is called ideation.
it is always good to stick to a formal intense meditation practice like the one for beginners described in the mp3 file that follows after the visualisations.
find a comfortable place on the floor and sit with your legs crossed.
place your hands one on top of the other in your lap, keep your back straight, eyes closed and tongue on the roof of your mouth.
your breathing should be calm and relaxed, through the nose.
spend a minute or so concentrating on your breath, feeling the air flowing through your nostrils.
1. warm sun visualization
continue to breathe slowly and deeply.
with each breath, feel the muscles in your body becoming lighter and lighter, and also your external motor and sensory organs are feeling like they are withdrawing from the world into a special inner quietness.
imagine the tension melting away as you continue breathing rhythmically and naturally.
picture yourself sitting on a warm, tropical beach basking in the glow of the sun ....
visualize the vivid, beautiful colours of the earth  its flowers and plants , the sea next to you, and the sky above you.
feel yourself floating above the earth and sea.
as you sit above the world, the warmth of the golden sun penetrates your body and makes you feel warmer and warmer.
it surrounds you.
the golden rays feel soft and soothing.
now you are far above the earth  into space.
everything around you is so vast.
yet, there is warmth and a familiarity with the vastness.
you want to merge your mind with the greater universal mind that surrounds you.
continue to ideate on this intense desire for your mind to merge with the that universal consciousness.
and while doing so continue using the baba nam kevalam mantra  breathe in with baba nam, breathe out with kevalam .
try this for5 to 10 minutes.
now come back to earth again  slowly.
imagine yourself sitting on the beach serenely and restfully.
your muscles are loose and limp.
feel your body sinking slightly into the sand making that earthly connection again.
the sun s rays and warmth are still with you, surrounding you.
you are in a state of peace and relaxation.
with each breath, watch your body and ensure that it remains relaxed  at peace.
continue to feel the warmth of the sunlight all over your body, warming you deeply and gently.
you want to bring something back with you from your deep space experience where you sensed your mind merging with the universal mind.
this will be the warmth of the sun  a close reminder and link between earth and the infinite space.
visualize the inside of your body bathed in the golden light, absorbing every ray and glowing as radiantly as the sun.
a warm, gentle breeze swirls around your body and relaxes you even more.
let your mind and body be totally at peace.
now feel yourself returning to where you sit ... move your hands and feet a little, stretch them.
open your eyes.
2. mountain visualization
another thing you can try.
imagine you re sitting on top of a mountain, and that it s the most peaceful place you can think of.
feel that you re sitting there in complete peace, right on top of the world.
now imagine that infinite happiness is surrounding you in every direction.
feel you re completely surrounded by that infinite peace and happiness.
now start to repeat within your mind the mantra  baba nam kevalam.
its meaning is  infinite happiness is everywhere .
feel the meaning, do nt just think of its wordy meaning or try to translate from sanskrit  baba nam kevalam  to an english meaning  infinite peace and happiness .
think internally, intuitively, not by words, of the meaning, as you re repeating it.
this is called ideation.
it is important to take the idea, not just the intellectual analysis.
touching deep into the idea is what builds intuition  it is a synthetic process.
whereas, trying to translate and grapple with wordy meanings is an intellectual mechanism  an analytical process.
feel you re surrounded by infinite peace and happiness, and feel that your own sense of existence is in direct contact with that endless peace and happiness all around you.
you can go further and feel that your unit consciousness, a dot in the infinite consciousness, is merging with infinity.
continue for as long as you like, then open your eyes.
ok that is fairly basic .
the important point is to develop some psychospiritual connection between your mind and the universal consciousness or supreme consciousness.
do nt worry if you have trouble concentrating on the mantra and ideation  that s normal.
it takes some time and practice to be able to focus on the one thought.
the main thing is to keep practicing.
if you do nt practice, then nothing happens.
well maybe a miracle could happen, but let s face it we re ordinary people and so require practical day to day techniques

north carolina religious coalition for marriage equality
from what we hear from the news media, one could easily conclude that all christians are opposed to gay marriage.
but that s not the case.
last year an organization named the north carolina religious coalition for marriage equality was formed to get out the message that at least some people of faith are not opposed to extending the rights and responsibilities of civil marriage to same  gender couples.
one of  ncrc4me s  major efforts is to collect signatures for the attached  declaration of religious leaders,  which has been and will again be presented to members of the nc legislature.
it presents the case for marriage equality and states,  we are resolved that the state should not interfere with same  gender couples who choose to marry and share fully and equally in the rights, responsibilities, and commitments of civil marriage.
a measure to amend the nc constitution to ban gay marriage was defeated last year but already has been reintroduced in the 2005 legislative session, so there is a real need for visible support for the  prosame  gender  marriage  side of this issue.
at its february meeting the chs vestry voted unanimously to add their names to the declaration.
our rector barbara and our deacon clare also have signed the declaration.
furthermore, the vestry voted unanimously to invite the support of members of the chs congregation for the declaration.
since the declaration is written as coming from  religious leaders,  people who do nt consider themselves  religious leaders  can sign as  supporters of the north carolina religious coalition for marriage equality.
please note that the declaration addresses only civil marriage  it says nothing about religious beliefs or practices regarding marriage.
if you have any questions please feel free to call me  after sat. the 26th, when i will return from a trip .
sign  up lists will be available at the services on feb. 27 and march6, or you can email me.
i will email names and email addresses  or postal addresses  of signers to ncrc4me in time for their  lobby day  in raleigh on march 15.
thank you for your consideration of this issue.
for the church of the holy spirit vestry,
dudley cate 8282968466 jodud...aol.com

north carolina religious coalition for marriage equality declaration of religious leaders april 19, 2004
the most fundamental human right, after the necessities of food, clothing and shelter, is the right to affection and the supportive love of other human beings.
we become most fully human when we love another person.
we can grow in our capacity to be human  to be loving  in a family unit.
this right to love and form a family is so fundamental that our united states constitution takes it for granted in its dedication to  secure the blessings of liberty to ourselves and our posterity.
the north carolina constitution likewise affirms the  inalienable rights  of human beings to  life, liberty, the enjoyment of the fruits of their own labor, and the pursuit of happiness.
throughout history, tyrants have known that by denying the right of oppressed peoples to form and nurture families, they can kill the spirit of those peoples.
from the shameful history of slavery in america, the injustice of forbidding people to marry is evident as a denial of a basic human right.
the american laws forbidding interracial marriage, now struck down, were clearly discriminatory.
denial of the status of marriage to those who would freely accept its responsibilities creates legal and economic inequities and social injustice.
we feel called to protest and oppose this injustice.
as religious people, clergy and lay leaders, we are mandated by faith to stand for justice in our common civic life.
we oppose the use of sacred texts and religious traditions to deny legal equity to same  gender couples.
as concerned citizens we affirm the liberty of adults of the same gender to love and marry.
we insist that no one, especially the state, is allowed to coerce people into marriage or bar two consenting adults, whether of the same or differing genders, from forming the family unit that lets them be more fully loving, thus more fully human.
we respect the fact that debate and discussion continue in many of our religious communities as to the scriptural, theological and liturgical issues involved.
however, we draw on our many faith traditions to arrive at a common conviction.
we are resolved that the state should not interfere with same  gender couples who choose to marry and share fully and equally in the rights, responsibilities, and commitments of civil marriage.
we affirm freedom of conscience in this matter.
we recognize that the state may not require religious groups to officiate at, or bless, same  gender marriages.
likewise, a denial of state civil recognition dishonors the religious convictions of those communities and clergy who officiate at, and bless, same  gender marriages.
the state may not favor the convictions of one religious group over another by denying individuals their fundamental right to marry and to have those marriages recognized by civil law.
as faith leaders, we commit ourselves to public action, visibility, education, and mutual support in the service of the right and freedom to marry.

tom dempsey gulf breeze, fl 8507480740
email  bill mcginnis  bmc...patriot.net
the one reason why all americans should oppose the nomination of samuel alito
he would tear down our system of checks and balances, giving far too much power to the president
my fellow americans
as many of you may have heard, president bush has nominated a long  time federal judge named samuel alito to become the next member of the united states supreme court, to fill a vacancy created by the retirement of another member of the court.
under our constitution, this nomination can not take effect unless and until the united states senate gives its consent, as described in our constitution, article ii, section2.
a copy of the constitution, with links back to the official source, is located at httploveallpeople.orgusconstitutiona.txt
judge samuel alito is very highly qualified by all of the normal standards used to evaluate candidates for this position
he has a very high intellect.
he graduated very high in his class, from princeton undergraduate and from law school at yale.
he has a long and distinguished record, including many years as a federal appeals judge, the next level below supreme court.
he has encyclopedic knowledge of hundreds of different supreme court cases, and he can recite details from memory.
he demonstrates an excellent  judicial temperament,  being courteous, mild  mannered, respectful of all people  careful in his work, meticulous in detail.
his coworkers love him.
his fellow judges love him.
his family loves him.
president bush loves him.
yes, it is true that some people do nt like the way they think he will vote on the supreme court.
but other people do like the way they think he will vote, and the ones who favor him seem to outnumber the ones who oppose him.
so now the senate is getting ready to vote soon, on whether to approve him or not  and at this moment  evening of jan. 27, 2006  it looks like he has more than the fifty  one votes needed for approval.
the president is very eager to go ahead quickly and get this vote, because he very much wants to have samuel alito on the supreme court, to be judging the cases bush is interested in.
so there is a lot of hurry  up pressure on the senate to give its prompt vote of approval.
there is an old saying that applies in this situation   act in haste, repent at leisure.
sometimes you can make a bad decision very quickly, then regret it for many years to come.
that is what is about to happen with judge samuel alito, in my opinion, because he has one tragic flaw  a very serious blind spot in his thinking  which makes him completely unacceptable for the position of supreme court justice  he does not really agree with the system of  checks and balances  built into the constitution, and he is ready to start tearing it down in order to follow the  unitary executive theory,  which calls for vastly  increased presidential power at the expense of congress and the supreme court.
and because of this tragic flaw...
he would tear down our system of checks and balances, giving far too much power to the president.
in our constitutional system, we have three branches of the federal government  the legislative, executive, and judicial branches.
and the basic idea behind the checks and balances we have is that if one branch of the government goes crazy, the other two can hold it down.
but samuel alito believes in a little  known constitutional theory  called the  unitary executive theory   which says that the president should have complete control over the executive branch, and that the executive branch should be in charge of almost everything that the government actually does, including the functions of the independent agencies which were designed to be free of presidential control, and the military, which exists, which is regulated, and which is funded by specific authority given by the constitution to congress, not to the president.
the military is not part of the executive branch  it is a separate entity.
commander in chief  does nt mean that he is the boss of the military, merely that he is the administrator, just as he is the administrator of the executive branch, charged with  executing faithfully  all the laws passed by congress and all the decisions rendered by the supreme court.
under the unitary executive theory, the laws of congress and decisions of the supreme court have no actual authority unless the president agrees with them.
and so congress and the supreme court become mere advisors to the president, with no real authority over him.
and the president becomes a dictator, unrestrained by anything in the constitution, backed up by the armed forces, which would be entirely under his personal control.
and thus the united states of america  the land of the free and the home of the brave  becomes just another military dictatorship, no better than nazi germany or fascist italy during world war ii.
and that is why all americans should oppose the nomination of samuel alito.
for details and further proof, please see these websites
testimony at httpjudiciary.senate.govtestimony.cfmid1725witid4905
descriptions and links at httpwww.unitaryexecutive.net
blessings to you.
may god help us all.
and may god bless america
rev. bill mcginnis, director httpwww.loveallpeople.org and httpwww.internetchurchofchrist.org
copies of this message are located below.
if you want to help, please send them to everyone you know who needs to read them.
httpwww.loveallpeople.orgtheonereasonwhy.html and httpwww.loveallpeople.orgtheonereasonwhy.txt

contact william mcginnis  rev. bill mcginnis  1908 mt vernon ave  2543 alexandria, va 22301 7037686710 bmc...patriot.net
reply
nasa  company diplomacy  trying to keep moon landing hoax a secret in modern times
some strategies being used by nasa  company in relation to china and other space planning countries are mentioned here after being gleaned from a news item underneath.
country has an independent strategy  nasa  company to use  numero uno  strategy, try to assert, beat, mesh and control the space program of the country.
this can also be through political, economical, social, and technological influence.
country not open or not have fixed strategy  nasa  company to use  freeze thawed  strategy especially when the country has a challenging, growing and ambitious space program.
this can also be through political, economical, social, and technological influence.
dependant  nasa  company to use  space station  model to unify the aims of different countries.
this is really an end goal aim of nasa  company and also does not allow anyone challenging the moon landing hoax.
the target for nasa  company probably to get by 2018 all the ambitious space program countries shifting towards this model, through the propaganda of another moon mission  deliberately failing this or trying hard for another moon landing hoax  achieving the real aim of space unity between space programs of other countries.
china launches its second manned spaceflight mission
secretive efforts keep outsiders in the dark about the program s goals
by mark carreau
copyright 2005 houston chronicle
reuters
china launched shenzhou vi, its second manned spacecraft, early today in northwest china s gansu province.
a pair of military pilots embarked on china s second manned space flight early today, hurtling into orbit on a test mission that could span five days.
the crew of the shenzhou vi spacecraft was identified as fei junlong, 40, and nie haishen, 41, by china s official news agency.
the successful launch from the jiuquan satellite launch center in northwest china follows the solo flight of yang liwei in october 2003.
his one  day mission vaulted his communist homeland into the elite circle of spacefaring nations  russia and the united states  that can launch and sustain humans in space.
most experts believe china intends to develop a small space station of its own over the next several years.
but they remain uncertain about whether china aims to beat the united states to the moon in its secretive space effort.
president bush has directed nasa to return to the moon by 2018 with a new generation of human explorers.
china s  is not a fly  by  night program,  said joan johnson  freese, an expert on national security who follows space developments in the asian nation at the naval war college in newport, r.i.
they are not in any hurry.
they want a program that will be a success,  johnson  freese said.
they are not going to rush it, because they do nt want it to be a budget buster.
economics will be a big determiner in the speed of their program.
china s overtures to join the u.s.  led effort to develop the 16  nation international space station have been thwarted for more than a decade over a range of issues, including the asian country s human rights policies and worries it could acquire technologies that could pose a security threat.
the freeze thawed some after yang s 2003 mission.
china was among 30 nations invited to send a delegate to nasa  sponsored roundtable discussions on bush s strategy to reach the moon with astronauts as the first step in the exploration of mars and other  deep space destinations.
we applaud china s space achievements,  nasa spokesman allard beutel said tuesday.
we wish them a successful return of their astronauts.
he stressed, however, that nasa would not follow this week s chinese mission through formal channels.
at present, there are no plans for additional meetings with foreign powers to discuss the bush exploration initiative or to extend an invitation to china to join the space station partnership, beutel said.
the flight of fei and nie could mark the end of the opening chapter in a three  phase chinese space initiative, johnson  freese said.
the first phase, she said, will demonstrate the capability of a multicompartment spacecraft that will leave a test module in orbit when the two fliers return to earth.
the chinese program s second phase will include spacewalks on future missions and demonstrations of docking and undocking techniques.
the final phase will feature the assembly and operation of a longer  duration space lab.
at least one expert believes china s intentions might include a surprise attempt to circle the moon with astronauts before nasa s planned lunar return.
the americans would be wise to plan accordingly,  said john e. pike, director of the alexandria, va.  based globalsecurity.org, a small national security think tank.
there is always the possibility they could jam us up, make us look like we are not numero uno,  pike said.
during the u.s. and russian lunar race during the cold war, nasa scored an early coup by circling the moon with the apollo8 crew over the 1968 christmas holidays.
as it turned out, the soviets never made it to the moon.
china  could be the second country to do that,  pike said.
they would get in line in front of the russians.
and they would not have to land on the moon to take us down a notch.
pike s concern is based on china s development of a new medium  lift rocket, the long march v, and the construction of a new space launch complex on hainan island in the south china sea.
the two developments, he said, could eventually enable china s space program to mature to the point that experts could assemble and launch from earth s orbit a spacecraft capable of circling the moon with astronauts and returning home.
mark.carr...chron.com
email   righter   righ...sonic.net
groups  alt.animals.rights.promotion, alt.animals, alt.animals.cat, alt.animals.ethics.vegetarian, alt.animals.lion, alt.animals.tiger, alt.animals.felines.diseases, alt.animals.dog, alt.animals.horses.breeding, alt.animals.felines.snowleopards
i m a member of a local animal rights news, and get regular emails from other members and the staff.
recently, i read an email that reported the horrific nightmare civet cats go through by sick losers who put them in sheds and heat the inside of the sheds up to 110 degrees with fires, so that they can periodically scrape the sweat off of their genitals and sell it to corrupt corporations who use it to prolong the scent of perfumes.
the animals eventually die, which is because these demons are so greedy, they want as much of their  product  as they can get, instead of letting the cats go after a point, as an act of humanity, mercy, love.
below i pasted the email text, and it has a link to a website that automatically plays this song the author of the email created.
it has cat s  meowing  for the vocals, and you might really find yourself in those furnaces, feeling and thinking those terrible feelings and thoughts that these cats do before they die.
right now, while we re sitting at our computers enjoying the internet, those innocent, beautiful, loving cats, are dying, somewhere in this troubled world a slow, agonizing death.
the main reason i wrote this post is to ask anyone reading this if they know of some way i can help put a stop to this cat holocaust.
i am serious about doing something.
if i love cats so much, why are nt i doing something
i do nt want to appear before god on judgment day and have to explain why i did nt do anything like this in my life.
any suggestions would be appreciated.
here s the text of the email
hi there,
i read the civet cat story from a little while ago, and tonight, when my mom emailed me about it, i reread it, and went to the website with the song the author of the email created.
well, sure enough, when i heard the cats  meowing,  i imagined the hellish moments these poor beautiful creatures of god were living, what went on in their tiny, sweet little minds, and decided that i want to do something about this torture.
so, if anyone can give me some advice, i d sure appreciate it
i think for starters, myself and those of you who believe in god could say a special prayer for them.
i will.
i ve pasted the email for those who have nt seen or would like to reread it.
it s also got the website where the song has been uploaded.
i was thinking, that while i m sitting here, relaxing and enjoying myself, those poor innocent animals are being cooked to death with heat in those holocaustesque death chambers.
and what am i doing about it
from  travis job  t...sonic.net
date  thu, 11 mar 2004 023927  0800
to  spar  s...sonic.net
subject  civet cats, james rachels  a song
this is my first time posting to the list, so i feel somewhat embarrassed by  promoting  a song i wrote, but i think it is fitting because it is directly tied to extreme animal suffering as a result of human lack of empathy, but an abundance of human greed.
i m not sure if any of you know much about civet cats, but to brief those who might not know, i will quote james rachels, author of world hunger and moral obligation among many other animal rights  related books and articles.
i kind of see him to be for animal rights theory as peter singer is to the theory of utilitarianism applied to nonhuman animals .
the quote is from an article entitled  vegetarianism and  the other weight problem
if anyone wants the complete article, email me, as it is a very good article which no meat  eater can read and not sense their own hypocrisy.
but this is what he says about civet cats
as an example, consider the treatment of the civet cat, a highly intelligent and sociable animal.
civet cats are trapped and placed in small cages inside darkened sheds, where the temperature is kept up to 110 f by fires.
they are confined in this way until they finally die.
what justifies this extraordinary mistreatment
these animals have the misfortune to produce a substance that is useful in the manufacture of perfume.
musk, which is scraped from their genitals once a day for as long as they can surv ive, makes the scent of perfume last a bit longer after each application.
the heat increases their  production  of musk.
here kant s rule   animals are merely means to an end  that end is man   is applied with a vengeance.
to promote one of the most trivial interests we have, thousands of animals are tormented for their whole lives.
this article, and specifically this piece, effected me enough to try to build a song around the topic.
if anyone is interested in listening to this song, and in offering their opinion, whether it be positive or negative, i d appreciate it.
but i also hope no one feels any obligation to download, especially if you have an internet connection as slow mine  28 k .
the url for the song is httpwww.sonic.netfsjobtragicorethecivetcat.mp3
although there are no human vocals  lyrics, i think its subject matter is audible.
again, if anyone wants to read rachels  entire article, let me know.
it s also on the net.
i was already a vegetarian when i read it a little more than a year ago, but it was one of the bigger factors for me in going completely vegan.
i hope all are well.
farewell for now ...
travis job
icq uin  5249025
note to wigner  do you think your friend could feed my cat
heisenberg was nt sure.
thanks,
shrodinger

. go vegan.
make thousands
this is not a scam
i found this on a bulletin board and decided to try it  i do nt care about the useless prefabricated crap this message usually says.
all i say is, it works.
continue prefab crap.
well guess what
within seven days, i started getting money in the mail
i was shocked
i figured it would end soon, but the money just kept coming in.
in my first week, i made about  25.00.
by the end of the second week i had made a total of more than  1000.00
in the third week i had more than  10,000.00 and it s still growing
this is now my fourth week and i have made a total of  42,000.00 and it s still coming rapidly.
it s certainly worth  6.00 and six stamps, and i have spent more than that on the lottery without ever winning
let me tell you how this works and most important, why it works ..........
also make sure you print this out now, so you can get the information off of it, as you will need it.
i promise you that if you follow the directions exactly that you will start making more money than you thought possible by doing something so easy
suggestion  read this entire message carefully
print it out or download it
follow the simple directions and watch the money come in
it s easy.
it s legal.
and, your investment is only  6.00  plus postage
important
this is not a rip  off, it is decent  it s legal  and it is virtually no risk  it really works
if all the following instructions are adhered to, you will receive extraordinary dividends.
please note
please follow the directions exactly, and  50,000 or more can be yours in 20 to 60 days.
this program remains successful because of the honesty and integrity of the participants.
please continue its success by carefully adhering to the instructions.
you will now become a part of the mail order business.
you are in the business of developing mailing lists.
many large corporations are happy to pay big bucks for quality lists.
however, the money made from the mailing lists is secondary to income which is made from people like you and me asking to be included in that list.
here are the four easy steps to success.
step one
get six separate pieces of paper and write the following on each piece of paper  please put me on your mailing list.
now get6 u.s.  1.00 bills and place one inside of each of the six pieces of paper so the bill will not be seen through the envelope  to prevent thievery .
next, place one paper in each of the six envelopes and seal them.
you now should have six sealed envelopes, each with a piece of paper stating the above phrase, your name and address, and a  1.00 bill.
what you are doing is creating a service.
this is absolutely legal
you are requesting a legitimate service and you are paying for it
like most of us i was a little skeptical and little worried about the legal aspects of it all.
so i checked it out with the u.s. post office  18002385355  and they confirmed that it is indeed legal
mail the six envelopes to the following addresses
1  g. burrows1  264 tor st toowoomba qld 4350 australia
2  s luest p.o. box 366 garden grove, ca 92842 usa
3  g. v.  a. bourret 41 broome st, 1 brooklyn, ny 11222 usa
4  r. ansems gen. foulkesstraat5 4641 bw ossendrecht netherlands
5  w. brumbley 4632 hilton ave suite  31 columbus, ohio 43228
step two  now take the 1 name off the list that you see above, move the other names up  six becomes5,5 becomes4, and etc.  and add your name as number6 on the list.
step three
change anything you need to but try to keep this article as close to original as possible.
now post your amended article to at least 200 news groups.
i think there are close to 24,000 groups
all you need is 200, but remember, the more you post, the more money you make
this is perfectly legal
if you have any doubts, refer to title 18 sec. 1302  1341 of the postal lottery laws.
keep a copy of these steps for yourself and whenever you need money, you can use it again, and again.
please remember that this program remains successful because of the honesty and integrity of the participants and by their carefully adhering to directions.
look at it this way.
if you were of integrity, the program will continue and the money that so many others have received will come your way.
note  you may want to retain every name and address sent to you, either on a computer or hard copy and keep the notes people send you.
this verifies that you are truly providing a service.
also, it might be a good idea to wrap the 1 bill in dark paper to reduce the risk of mail theft .
so, as each post is downloaded and the directions carefully followed, all members will be reimbursed for their participation as a list developer with one dollar each.
your name will move up the list geometrically so that when your name reaches the 1 position you will be receiving thousands of dollars in cash
what an opportunity for only  6.00   1.00 for each of the first six people listed above
send it now, add your own name to the list and you re in business
directions for how to post to news groups
step one  you do not need to retype this entire letter to do your own posting.
simply put your cursor at the beginning of this letter and drag your cursor to the bottom of this document, and select  copy  from the edit menu.
this will copy the entire letter into the computer s memory.
step two
open a blank  notepad  file and place your cursor at the top of the blank page.
from the  edit  menu select  paste .
this will paste a copy of the letter into the notepad so that you will add your name to the list.
step three
save your new notepad file as a text file.
if you want to do your posting in different settings, you ll always have this file to go back to.
step four
visit message boards and post this article as a new message by highlighting the text of this letter and selecting paste from the edit menu.
fill in the subject, this will be the header that everyone sees as they scroll through the list of postings in a particular group, click the post message button.
you re done.
congratulations
that s it
all you have to do, and it really works
best wishes
blue planet  who s afraid of big bad wolf
by dan whipple
united press international
boulder, co, feb. 23  upi
ever since he ate up red riding hood s grandma and blew down the houses of two  thirds of the three little pigs, the big bad wolf has held a persistently bad reputation.
in part because of that reputation, the gray wolf was nearly exterminated from the lower 48 states by the 1920s, except for a small remnant population on isle royale national park in michigan s lake superior.
the last wolf was killed in yellowstone national park in 1943.
western sheep and cattle ranchers, on whose behalf this extermination campaign was conducted, gratefully dusted their hands of the wolf and wrote him off as a job well done.
their sheep could graze, their cows could ruminate and never a discouraging word would be heard.
after the major kill  offs, wolves outside of alaska and canada existed mostly as legend.
like ufos or sasquatch, several people claimed to see fleeting lone wolves, usually in yellowstone.
in the 1960s, a group shooting a movie in the wyoming park reportedly imported some captive wolves, then released them when their shooting was done.
if so, this happy band has not been heard from since.
rumor also had it some renegade biologist brought a caged pair to yellowstone and released them into the wild sometime in the 1970s, hoping to reestablish a breeding population.
if true, the caper failed.
over time, the wolf s absence seemed to rehabilitate its image.
eventually, a trickle of support appeared for bringing the predator back to its former home range in the northern rocky mountains.
this trickle grew into a flood, resulting in 14 wolves being reintroduced in yellowstone in 1995 by the u.s. fish and wildlife service  albeit over the strong and still  continuing objections of ranchers.
these wolf packs have flourished, and now there are an estimated 850 wolves roaming the northern rockies, where merely 10 years ago there were none.
one compelling argument for reintroduction was the wolf acts as a keystone predator, an animal that affects the populations, behavior and ecology of a wide variety of species within its range.
some recent research conducted by oregon state university has given considerable credence to this idea.
osu forestry professors william ripple and robert beschta have found that wolves actually promote stream  bank stabilization, although they have given the phenomenon the unfortunate name of  the ecology of fear   something that smacks of the horrible pr resulting from the wolf s relationships with riding hood and the three pigs.
they explained that elk in yellowstone used to browse unmolested on young aspen and willow growing near the banks of streams, a behavior that prevented the saplings from reaching mature stages and increased the possibility of soil erosion.
since reintroduction, however, ripple and beschta have found, fear of the wolves apparently has discouraged the elk from spending too much time at stream banks  where they are out in the open  and munching on the saplings.
all you have to do is look at the photographs,  ed bangs, wolf recovery coordinator for the u.s. fish and wildlife service, told upi s blue planet,
you say,  wow
an area that used to be bald as a billiard ball is now a sea of willow.
this simple change has triggered a veritable ecological cascade in yellowstone.
more streamside willow and aspen have meant better habitat for beaver, for instance.
where there had been only one beaver colony in the park s northern range before the wolves returned, now there are nine.
it may be uninteresting to a lot of people,  beschta told blue planet.
there s a lot of impact on plants and they say,  who cares
but we ve been looking at streamside communities.
since wolf recovery, streamside plants, willows and cottonwoods provide food for other critters  beavers, a whole variety of avian species, berry  producing shrubs that bears can use.
it s important with regard to the quality of streams.
the plants provide shade and root strength for bank stability.
plants are critical to wildland ecosystems.
yellowstone has a vast elk herd, one of the largest in the world.
bangs said although the number of elk has not declined very much since the wolves came back, their behavior appears markedly different.
i m pretty suspicious of making broad generalizations,  however, he cautioned.
wolves are still pretty new.
they ve only been there for 10 years.
in 10 more years we ll have a better idea.
wolf reintroduction in the northern rockies has been so successful the fish and wildlife service has moved to reduce the animal s status from endangered to threatened and, eventually, to remove it from the endangered species list altogether.
bangs said the agency has established viable wolf packs in the northern rockies, as required by federal regulations.
some conservationists want the protection extended so wolves can move into other states, including colorado, utah and oregon, among others.
on jan. 31, oregon federal district court judge robert e. jones appeared to agree with them.
he vacated the fws decision to downgrade the wolf s status.
bangs said his agency is still reviewing the decision.
regardless of the wolf s legal status, its future expansion into new areas now seems likely.
wolves can migrate considerable distances.
a yellowstone wolf was found dead, hit by a car, on a colorado highway last year, several hundred miles from home.
meanwhile, his reputation seems to be improving, although bangs noted a  pretty interesting social dynamic.
there are only about 850 wolves in the west, but there are an estimated 31,000 mountain lions.
pound for pound, mountain lions eat more game and more livestock than wolves.
they even occasionally attack people, which wolves do not  despite the propaganda from the brothers grimm.
yet people seem willing  even eager  to accommodate mountain lions, despite the risks.
it remains to be seen whether they will extend the same courtesy to the arriving gray wolf.
regarding those rumors about wolves living in yellowstone prior to the official reintroduction
they seem to be just that  rumors.
true, there are about 300,000 wolves and wolf hybrids kept as pets in the united states.
it also is likely people have released some of these animals into the wild hoping they would survive  for instance, a ranger in glacier park caught someone in this very act not long ago.
bangs said these animals are not equipped to survive in the wild, however, and they all almost certainly have died.
he said after 10 years of dna testing on northern rockies wolves, scientists have not found a single strain that did not belong to one of the wolves the agency released  or their descendants.

blue planet is a weekly series examining the relationship of humans to the environment, by veteran environmental reporter dan whipple.
email  sciencem...upi.com
climate  humans fuss, animals adjust
by dan whipple
united press international
boulder, co, nov. 15  upi
scientists can argue all they want about how many degrees celsius  or fahrenheit  the planet is warming and what the trend portends, but meanwhile earth s plants, insects and animals are not waiting for the outcome.
they already are altering their patterns of behavior in response to what is happening.
it turns out one of the surest barometers of the warming climate is the response of the nonhuman natural world to changing conditions, and biologists who study the responses have been aware for some years the biosphere is acknowledging global warming.
nina leopold bradley, a plant ecologist and daughter of the conservation pioneer aldo leopold, published a 1999 paper in the proceedings of the national academy of sciences on her 61  year uninterrupted phenological records.
phenology studies an organism s development and life cycle  the pulse of life.
bradley s record of 300 phenophases found that even prior to 1999, spring was arriving in higher latitudes several weeks earlier than in the earlier years of her data.
birds arrived sooner on their migrations from the south and plants flowered earlier.
the eastern phoebe is showing up about 20 days before it used to.
the forest phlox is blooming in late april instead of midmay.
half of the 300 phenophases leopold tracked showed a response consistent with warming.
in england, the cuckoo returns earlier.
an analysis of 65 bird species in the united kingdom shows about one  third are laying their eggs four to seven days earlier than they did 25 years ago.
one of the major, most well  documented and robust findings in ecology over the past century has been the crucial role of climate in determining the geographical distribution of species and ecological communities,  concluded a report titled  observed impacts of global climate change in the united states,  released by the pew center on global climate last week.
pew researchers looked at about 40 studies that could provide an assessment of whether climate was affecting biology.
half of the studies provide strong evidence of a causal link between the biological change and climate change,  said camille parmesan, a university of texas  austin biologist and one of the world s leading experts on this issue.
these changes are occurring across all species, parmesan told upi s climate.
across the united states, the northern edge of species  range is expanding,  she said.
parmesan has spent much of her career studying the checkerspot butterfly, which migrates between mexico and southern california.
some localized extinctions already have occurred across some of its habitat.
empirical research pointed to climate as being a strong driver,  she said.
there have been large numbers of population extinctions in mexico and southern california in areas where the habitat is still acceptable.
according to parmesan s earlier studies, one extinction event, for instance, was triggered when a checkerspot population migrated north prematurely, relying on a warming temperature signal, then was caught in a severe snowstorm in its northern habitat.
throughout the united states, she said,  spring is about two weeks earlier.
tree swallows are nesting nine days earlier.
tropical species have moved up to florida and the gulf coast.
bird and butterfly watchers are seeing many, many new species coming up from mexico and the caribbean.
as the pew report concluded,  sufficient studies now exist to conclude that the consequences of climate change are already detectable within u.s. ecosystems.
such consequences include shifting and, in some cases, contraction of ranges and changes in species composition within ecosystems.
the report also found alterations of ecosystem processes such as carbon cycling and storage.
the alaskan tundra, for instance, has switched from being a net sink of carbon dioxide  absorbing and storing more carbon from the atmosphere than it releases  to  being a net source of co2  releasing more carbon than is stored  because warmer winters have allowed dead plant matter previously stored in the soil to decompose and release co2.
the pew report coincided with the release in iceland of the  arctic climate impact assessment.
the acia  with participation by the united states, canada, denmark, finland, iceland, norway, the russian federation and sweden  was begun in 2000.
the impacts of global warming are affecting people now in the arctic,  said acia chair robert corell.
the arctic is experiencing some of the most rapid and severe climate change on earth.
the impacts of climate change on the region and the globe are projected to increase substantially in the years to come.
the acia found arctic winter temperatures have increased4 degrees to7 degrees fahrenheit in the last 50 years and should go up about twice that much in the next 100 years.
arctic summer sea ice will decline by 50 percent by the end of the 21st century, the assessment found, with some models predicting complete disappearance of summer sea ice.
should the arctic ocean become ice  free in summer, it is likely that polar bears and some seal species would be driven toward extinction,  the report concluded.
as with so much climate research, not everyone agrees with these dire predictions.
a third report,  the impacts of climate change  an appraisal for the future,  completed by the britain  based international policy network and released almost simultaneously with the other two, falls somewhat into that category.
on the one hand, the ipn report agreed  climate models generally predict that the temperature rises in the arctic will substantially exceed the global rise.
this applies especially in the high arctic where the ice cover is expected to diminish substantially with the effect that the surface absorption of solar radiation will greatly increase.
on the other hand, the report thinks the news might not be so bad for the north atlantic fisheries.
the impact of global warming on fish stocks and fisheries is hard to judge,  the ipn report said.
a warming of the magnitude predicted is more likely than not to be beneficial to the fisheries of the north atlantic.
the important commercial species that probably would benefit from warming include cod, haddock, saithe, herring, blue whiting and several types of flatfish and crustaceans  such as the norway lobster.
important species that probably would decline include shrimp, capelin, greenland halibut and some varieties of flatfish.
hidden in this laundry list  and in the pile of studies examined by the pew researchers  is one of the fundamental chasms dividing participants in the global warming debate.
the ipn report examines commercial fish species, but it neglects important noncommercial animals, such as seals and polar bears.
in a limited economic sense, therefore, the organization can argue warming might be a good thing.
the problem is whether one cares what happens to the polar bears, checkerspot butterflies and other unconsumables.
the pew researchers tried to transcend the economic argument.
they assumed a value  unspecified  for noncommercial species, and in doing so rendered the warming news a bit less rosy.
this tug  of  war over calculating economic values is the one that ultimately will have to be decided by humans, because animals and plants can adjust only so much.
when dandelions have set the mark of may on wisconsin pastures, it is time to listen for the final proof of spring,  wrote aldo leopold in  a sand county almanac.
sit down on a tussock, cock your ears at the sky, dial out the bedlam of meadowlarks and redwings, and soon you may hear it  the flight of the upland plover, just now back from the argentine.
or maybe not.

climate is a weekly series by upi examining the impacts of global climate change.
email sciencem...upi.com
preamble from bbc leading to the comments further below.
feel free to cut and paste and leave your comments, as these viewpoints cover the entire gamut surrounding the event.

how has katrina changed the us
what will be the lasting effects of hurricane katrina and what can be learnt from the response
relief agencies are trying to help hundreds of thousands of displaced people while authorities have vowed to restore security in new orleans following a breakdown of law and order.
in the world press, commentators predict that katrina will make a profound change in the way the us is perceived at home and abroad, especially following the scenes of poverty and racial divisions they believe the disaster has revealed.
meanwhile, president george w bush has said he will lead an inquiry into how the disaster was handled.
how has katrina changed the us
has it altered your life
has the disaster affected the way other countries view the us
send us your comments using the form.

some of the better comments
as an american, i would like to take this opportunity to tell all the  usa and bush bashers  that i am appalled at the number of  allies  that are using this disaster as their podium to spread their useless opinions.
what you see in new orleans is a perfect example of the downfalls of the welfare system, a form of socialism that many in this country know is the true problem.
you have seen the pictures.
you people think it is race, but it is not.
it is the welfare society that was new orleans.
paul, atlanta, usa
i am frankly revolted by the response of the bush  bashers   sorry chaps, but you did have it coming ...
the plain fact is that bush has a sight more in the way of common humanity than a great many of his detractors.
at least he is nt using this disaster for cheap political point  scoring.
mac, nottingham
i do not feel it has changed the us citizens which is what was needed, even now the majority want  gas  despite the fact they are polluting the world more than any other country in the world and refuse to stop, perhaps this natural disaster, which let s face it looks like a product of global warming, will change their views, why not pick things up with your hands and walk with your legs, other people in the world do it,  gas  is not the be all and end all
david, kent
this man has clearly never visited the us.
distances are not what they are in the old world.
here, cars are absolutely necessary, and he d have to have one, too.
juggernaut
the us will work its way through the loss of a city and we are making progress after seven short days.
thank you for your concern, but europe is still irrelevant.
john b, windermere, florida
john can come over to eat at my house anytime.
juggernaut
it is always interesting what spin the press will take.
certainly, representation of the us in other countries will have a certain depiction.
i do nt believe that folks who believe that america is the land of opportunity will change their views from this recent news.
i have a friend who came here from bulgaria after winning a green card in a lottery.
yes, she and her family were delighted to leave the communistic remnants in that country.
her husband became a citizen of the us just the week before last.
believe it or not, it takes a minimum of5 years to apply.
the countries which are giving to america to aid are a great example of the seed that america has sown through the years with other nations.
now to the poverty stricken and the racial issue ...
you know, i ve lived in the dallas  fort worth metroplex most of my life.
when not in texas, i lived in la and san francisco.
there is a lot of racial diversity in all of these places ... and i ve vacationed through the south ... visited my folks when they lived in mississippi, and where they live now and are in the racial minority being white  less than 20   in northeastern arkansas.
the fact is, when i began traveling for business to new england, when i first visited my in  laws in montana and idaho, i was shocked at the lack of racial diversity.
i did nt expect to react that way, but when i was looking around my workplace in nashua, new hampshire, and everyone else looked pretty much like me, it was really very eerie.
so, yes, america has pockets that are more diverse than others.
additionally, reviewing the standings of louisiana and mississippi in the educational stakes, you ll find they usually land near the bottom of a list of 50 states.
unfortunately, those left behind to be filmed, where those without transportation or means.
some refused to leave, but so many were unable to.
yes, it s a valid reflection of america  we do have cities like this.
however, new orleans also had many affluent people, people who left town early as they had the means.
i do nt know if this will change other nation s perceptions of america.
i suspect it will not change greatly ... but you never know how much stock people put in the news.
i do know that this will change the face of america.
i expect that many of the displaced people  those affluent and those not  will remain in the places they were evacuated to.
the 1.25 million people who have been housed in stadiums and convention centers across texas will begin to populate houston, dallas, san antonio and galveston, and the surrounding areas.
sure, some will return, but i have a feeling that once many begin to get jobs and temporary housing, they may be shy about returning.
i m interested in what america will look like in5 years.
will racial diversity find its way to wyoming as some people are offered jobs there
or will the nearly year  round snow be too much for those who have never experienced snow in their lives
will the housing market in dallas begin booming like the rest of the nation has due to the influx of buyers
will businesses that were new in 2005 have become a household name due to their efforts in rebuilding the gulf coast
what will the federal government do to prevent inflation in the housing and building market
these are some of the things i ve been wondering ...
linna
response coming soon.
your reply is good and deserves something good in return.
juggernaut
okay, i m new to this forum and really do nt like bush, so my view point is slanted and i admit that.
i rarely listen to the news or to what politicians or lawyers say because so many tell lies that none have credibility so what s the point
what i know is that i have a close friend whos aunt disappeared in new orleans.
my friend did nt have computer capability, so i spent the day searching and posting online.
the family here  california  wanted to fly any family members from there to ca, so they could remain here until things got straightened out down there.
the cousins could not be found because no one was sure of their married names.
the hope was that anyone looking for the aunt would see the family post and know that help was available.
it is oct.6, and not one family member has been located.
what i saw was dozens of school buses submerged that could have been used to evacuate people who had no transportation.
what i heard was the mayor of new orleans, saying that he did nt order the buses or anything else to be used because he was waiting on someone else to tell him what to do.
when common sense takes a back seat to politics and legal mumbo jumbo what have we become
recently, bush addressed the nation.
about 30 seconds into his address, he started flogging the terrorist issue just one more time.
ironically he almost burst out laughing and it was all he could do to keep his mirth down to a barely controlled smirk.
even he ca nt believe that he is trotting out this old saw again.
i guess if you have a schtick that is a resounding success once, you ca nt help but trot it out every time your act is going sour.
meanwhile, every pocket that can be lined is golden and the poor are shunted off radar yet again.
the gall of it all is that bush is stumping for more money to build more refineries, when what he should do is pour money into making the us independent of opec or crude oil all together.
we have the technology  if you are going to spend billions of dollars touting  freedom  why not spend those billions making all of us free
free of polution, free of oil dependency, and free of big business that is bleeding us dry for the short term good  theirs .
i m sorry he makes me want to puke so i shut him off.
in the meanwhile there are still broken families that should have been safe in the home of the brave.
for those who believe ....................
aries in 2005  flexibility
if you want a motto for 2005, the best one to adopt would be  go with the flow.
2005 will be a year of ups and downs, and only the flexible will be able to keep from going crazy
all aries natives may have to tighten their belts and curb their desire for constant expansion.
you may need to play it cool and curb your spending.
you ll be among the first to seize upon new societal trends to create new opportunities for yourself, as your creativity will be at an all  time high.
you will be more eloquent and persuasive than usual, and others will identify enthusiastically with your vision.
if you want to start a new creative project or business venture, your imagination will be working overtime.
2005 could find you doing well careerwise  and aspiring to climb even higher.
taurus in 2005  tenacity
diligence  is the key word for you, taurus.
with hard work and focus, you will attain at least one important aspiration that has been on your agenda for a long time.
this is the year you ll want to take stock of your career and ask yourself if you re doing the work you want to do for the rest of your life.
as the year progresses, the more impressive your ideas and works become.
as a result, your finances improve  and your newfound confidence could attract new love into your life.
by the end of the year, you will have a whole new network of friends and group activity, stimulating new ideas and taking up your social life a notch or two.
gemini in 2005  success
your cycle of learning through the school of hard knocks has come to an end, gemini, and now you re going to start reaping the rewards these  lessons  have left in their wake.
as 2005 progresses, the road ahead will become clearer.
you now have it in you to create the kind of life for yourself that you want.
these leaps and bounds forward include love and creativity.
your learning of concepts of all kinds combines with extensive group activity, bringing your mind into a whole new space this year.
by the end of 2005 you ll have a whole new start with regard to your career and your earning potential  and a possible new partnership to top it off
cancer in 2005  balance
finding a balance between your personal and professional lives may be one of the year s strongest challenges.
for the most part, your outward life this year will go in fits and starts  alternating periods of intense activity with times of welcome rest.
enjoy the restful periods when you can.
the active ones will be hectic
you ll be making radical changes in your work habits, but you ll be a lot happier for it, and in the end you ll know it was worth it.
your love life is full, and any dissatisfaction with career and money matters fades into the background.
by the end of 2005, you ll feel more confident, more determined, and far more capable of making the mountains come to you
leo in 2005  abundance
pursuing a successful career, along with the usual social and financial advantages, will be easier this year than it has in a long time for you, leo
the most difficult thing might be deciding which path means the most to you, and where to put your focus.
you ll be able to create opportunities for advancement almost out of thin air.
romance in 2005 will make it a year to remember  and you ll be the envy of all your friends.
love comes willingly and easily.
money may suddenly become tight at a very inconvenient time.
yet, this is no comparison to the advancements you ll make overall, and by the end of 2005, you ll look back in sheer wonder and happiness.
virgo in 2005  perseverance
your working life might not go so smoothly this year, virgo.
for much of 2005, you ll be putting your nose to the grindstone.
on the bright side, your finances will be pretty stable.
just do nt take it for granted  you still need to be cautious this year.
your love life will thrive for most of the year, and any relationship begun or reaffirmed in 2005 is very likely to be a lasting one.
and, you re going to develop a hopeless romantic streak.
in spite of a lot of worry over your career, by the year s end, you ll see that 2005 has filled your life with prosperity and accomplishments.
libra in 2005  expansion
flex your muscles, friend libra, and prepare for a relatively easy ride.
with beneficent jupiter in your sign, this is definitely your year, especially where your social life is concerned.
happiness and enjoyment lie ahead.
if you re not presently married, and want to be, you just might wed by the end of the year.
this is the year you re going to be doing a lot of travel and learning about your world, as expansion is the theme.
the one department of life that may not quite be as hopeful as you d like could be your career, where advancement may be slow and satisfaction rare.
by year s end, you may find yourself seriously considering a major change  all for the best.
scorpio in 2005  transmutation
scorpio, you can still expect changes  perhaps major ones  in your life this year, almost to the point of total transformation.
while this is most apparent in the area of your career, you ll see it showing up in other important aspects of your life.
your life might take on an entirely new direction you ve never dreamed of.
you may also change your residence during the year.
whether you start the year as a single person looking for a partner, or you ve been married for many years, happiness in love does lie ahead.
be prepared for new horizons.
they may not be familiar, but they will be fascinating.
do nt cling to the banks  instead, flow with the tide in 2005.
sagittarius in 2005  empowerment
are you prepared to handle absolute power
if not, you will be soon
your ruling planet, jupiter, will be in a special relationship with pluto  called  mutual reception   in 2005.
there s so much punch packed into this combination that it s almost scary.
you ll find the ultimate power is the ability to choose your own destiny.
you ll find practical ways of increasing your effectiveness in the world by gaining new skills that allow you to live more abundantly.
by the second half of the year, you will finally feel welcome relief from the tight financial binds that have hindered you over the past two years.
and, a relationship you begin now will last a very long time  like, for the rest of your life.
overall, 2005 is sure to be a year you wo nt forget.
capricorn in 2005  resolution
you ve got plenty of lucky breaks headed your way in 2005, friend capricorn.
the long awaited relief you ve needed in your love life is around the corner, and by the end of the year you will feel much clearer about your partnerships in general.
financially, it could be a lean year, although some advance planning can help you weather the storm.
your career opportunities will expand exponentially, and you re likely to change jobs or positions this year.
at times, the pressure on your job and home life may seem unbearable, but rest assured you will come through this stronger  and wiser  than ever, as more is revealed and resolved in 2005.
aquarius in 2005  magic
2005 sees you expanding your intuitive and psychic skills even more, aquarius.
the mysteries of the universe continue to attract and intrigue you, as you apply your mystical awareness to the important decisions upcoming in your life, especially concerning partnerships of all kinds.
2005 is bound to bring at least one major success in the love department, and your career will be brimming with new enthusiasm and innovation.
not only that, but travel, adventure, and personal expansion infuse fresh energy into all areas of your life.
by year s end, your creative decision  making will have carried you to whole new peaks  and a whole new view from above.
pisces in 2005  self  confidence
it s a big year for you, friend pisces.
no doubt, in 2005 you ll find yourself pushed more and more out into the world.
you ll experience a new sense of purpose and make plenty of new friends.
expect lots of surprises and lucky breaks this year, with uranus bringing the unexpected in your career, your love life, and the world in general.
at some point during the year, you could pick up a financial windfall, hear of a great career opportunity, or unexpectedly meet the love of your life.
it s important that you take retreats and plenty of time for yourself to regenerate, as the rate of change in your personal and professional life will be fast and unpredictable.
remain calm and confident, and love is very likely to flourish in 2005.
expect the unexpected,  and enjoy the ride
success comes before work  only in the dictionary
mayur
get mails everyday
share your mails  mailtomayur...yahoo.com  mayur...yahoo.com
sms me ... 09819602175
talk to me  ymsgrsendimmayurshahimayur...
send offline as well
onlineumayurshamgt1
1 k download

the mysterious raphael holinshed was named for the mysterious neoplatonic italian painter raphael sanzio who painted  st. george fighting the dragon   1504  06


like william shakspere raphael  the painter  died on his april birthday laura  bridget s day

archilochus solar eclipse  april6, 648 bc friday
koran descends to earth  april6, 610 ad monday
clement s st. methodius dies  april6, 884 monday
petrarch meets laura  april6, 1327 monday
durer dies  april6, 1528 monday
bridget vere s birth  april6, 1584 monday
sir francis walsingham dies  april6, 1590 monday
native of crete  el greco dies  april7, 1614 monday
lucio  does bridget paint still, pompey, ha
mfm act3, sc.2
laura dies of plague  april6, 1348 sunday
raphael born  april6, 1483 sunday
raphael dies  april6, 1520 good friday
thomas hobbes  birth  april5, 1588 good friday
start of  the sound  the fury   april6, 1928 good friday
kent earthquake  april6, 1580 wednesday
historian john stow dies  april6, 1605 sat  wed.

upon the sixth of april, alexander the great was born.
upon the same day he conquered darius, won a great victory at sea,  died the same day.
neither was this day less fortunate to his father philip  for on the same day he took potidea    john aubrey, f.r.s.

antonio perez 1535  1611  philip ii s renegade secretary of state
in  love s labour s lost  we find a character don adriana de armatho, full of affection and bombast.
a spanish refugee, antonio perez, visited england in 1593 and became acquainted with francis  anthony bacon, with whom for a time he seems to have been on terms of intimacy, which did not last very long, for the spaniard developed so much affectation  bombast that he became unpopular in court circles.
in 1594 perez wrote  published a book under the assumed name of  raphael peregrino.
in the play holofernes is ridiculing don adriana  the traveler from spain  and says of him   he is too picked, too spruce, too affected, too odd, as it were, too peregrinate, as i may call it.
act5, scene1.
to make the reference more pointed and unmistakable, sir nathaniel replies  a most singular  choice epithet,  and at once enters it in his note book.
this parody on perez  sobriquet clearly identifies perez with armatho.

shakespeare electronic conference, vol.6, no. 0832. monday, 23 october 1995.
from  martin green  mgr...usa.pipeline.com
date  sunday, 22 oct 1995 105732  0400
subject  re  facts, purpose of list, italy, jews
there were no jews in england to speak of in the 1590s.
true, but two in england that we know of were a part of the essex entourage  dr. lopez, who had been physician to essex  step  father, the earl of leicester, had apparently treated the young essex for some socially unacceptable ailment, and antonio perez, who was a guest at essex house in the early 1590s.
to be sure, both lopez  perez were conversos  but they were thought of in england as being, as they undoubtedly were, at least ethnically, jews.

doctor roderigo lopez  1525  1594  was the portugese jewish doctor accused by essex of trying to poison queen elizabeth.
the 69 year old dr. lopez was found guilty and was summarily hung and quartered on june7, 1594 at tyburn.
long before  september 1560  dr. lopez had been the personal house doctor of robert dudley and the good doctor was obligated to write the death certificate for amy robsart  stating that she had  accidentally  fallen down the stairs .
that same year  1560  a spanish priest named ruy lopez handily beat all comers at a chess tournament in rome.
lopez s 1561 book  libro de la invencion liberal y arte del juego del acedraz  became the classic on chess openings, including the one that bears his name.

chess history 1530  1647

1530 lopez, ruy b. in zafra, spain.
spanish priest  leading player.
1533 atahualpa, inca emperor of peru, imprisoned  learns chess.
1542 leonardo, giovanni  a.k.a. il puttino  the boy  born in calaria.
1550 valdiviesco, don antonio de, bishop of nicaragua, assassinated while playing chess in his palace at leon.
1551 ivan iv of russia bans chess.
1555 castling is introduced.
1560 ruy lopez visits rome and defeats all the players.
1561 last time castling was2 separate moves.
1561 ruy lopez proposes the 50  move rule to claim a draw.
1561 ruy lopez writes his book on chess.
introduces the word gambit.
alcala, 1561
1562 st teresa, a spanish reformer, includes chess in her writings.
1570 gianutto della mantia, horatio born in italy.
author of italian chess book.
1572 ruy lopez defeats several eminent players in rome.
1574 boi and leonardo beat lopez  ceron in presence of phillip ii.
1575 leonardo beats ruy lopez in madrid.
1575 after the plague of cremona, all games except chess were banned.
1576 boi taken prisoner, but wins his freedom playing chess.
1580 catherine de medici of france is a keen chess player.
1580 ruy lopez died.
1584 ivan the terrible dies while starting a game of chess.
1584 lopez s book translated into italian by tarsia and published in venice.

i have told you, friend,  said the curate,  that this is done to divert our idle thoughts  and as in well  ordered states games of chess, fives, and billiards are allowed for the diversion of those who do not care, or are not obliged, or are unable to work, so books of this kind are allowed to be printed, on the supposition that, what indeed is the truth, there can be nobody so ignorant as to take any of them for true stories
well then,  said don quixote,  the same thing happens in the comedy and life of this world, where some play emperors, others popes, and, in short, all the characters that can be brought into a play  but when it is over, that is to say when life ends, death strips them all of the garments that distinguish one from the other, and all are equal in the grave.
a fine comparison   said sancho   though not so new but that i have heard it many and many a time, as well as that other one of the game of chess  how, so long as the game lasts, each piece has its own particular office, and when the game is finished they are all mixed, jumbled up and shaken together, and stowed away in the bag, which is much like ending life in the grave.
thou art growing less doltish and more shrewd every day, sancho,  said don quixote.
ay,  said sancho   it must be that some of your worship s shrewdness sticks to me  land that, of itself, is barren and dry, will come to yield good fruit if you dung it and till it

of all freemason sponsered revolutions  american, french, bolivar, etc... garibaldi s is the most blatantly masonic
nostromo a tale of the seaboard
after having written so far, don martin decoud, the exotic dandy of the parisian boulevard, got up and walked across the sanded floor of the cafe at one end of the albergo of united italy, kept by giorgio viola, the old companion of garibaldi.
the highly coloured lithograph of the faithful hero seemed to look dimly, in the light of one candle, at the man with no faith in anything except the truth of his own sensations.
looking out of the window, decoud was met by a darkness so impenetrable that he could see neither the mountains nor the town, nor yet the buildings near the harbour  and there was not a sound, as if the tremendous obscurity of the placid gulf, spreading from the waters over the land, had made it dumb as well as blind....
he turned away.
he could bear no longer that expressionless and motionless stare, which seemed to have a sort of impenetrable emptiness like the black depth of an abyss.
... and uneasy in its corporate expression, was overtopped by the big face of don juste lopez, soft and white, with prominent eyelids and wreathed in impenetrable solemnity as if in a dense cloud.

wisteria lodge
he could do little during the day, for murillo took every precaution and never went out save with his satellite lucas, or lopez as he was known in the days of his greatness.
at night, however, he slept alone, and the avenger might find him.
on a certain evening, which had been prearranged, i sent my friend final instructions, for the man was forever on the alert and continually changed his room.
i was to see that the doors were open and the signal of a green or white light in a window which faced the drive was to give notice if all was safe or if the attempt had better be postponed.
but everything went wrong with us.
in some way i had excited the suspicion of lopez, the secretary.
he crept up behind me and sprang upon me just as i had finished the note.
he and his master dragged me to my room and held judgment upon me as a convicted traitress.
then and there they would have plunged their knives into me could they have seen how to escape the consequences of the deed.
finally, after much debate, they concluded that my murder was too dangerous.
but they determined to get rid forever of garcia.
they had gagged me, and murillo twisted my arm round until i gave him the address.
i swear that he might have twisted it off had i understood what it would mean to garcia.
lopez addressed the note which i had written, sealed it with his sleeve  link, and sent it by the hand of the servant, jose.
how they murdered him i do not know, save that it was murillo s hand who struck him down, for lopez had remained to guard me.
i believe he must have waited among the gorse bushes through which the path winds and struck him down as he passed.
at first they were of a mind to let him enter the house and to kill him as a detected burglar  but they argued that if they were mixed up in an inquiry their own identity would at once be publicly disclosed and they would be open to further attacks.
with the death of garcia, the pursuit might cease, since such a death might frighten others from the task.

art neuendorffer
the rock revolution happened in the sixties 6, number of the beast .
it came from liverpool, that was the port base to the titanic, destroyed by god because of the arrogant insult of captain smith  also from liverpool    not even god can sink my ship   not only the captain, but also the rest of the crew and even the orchestra playing at the titanic were from liverpool .
the rock revolution came from the nation that allows a church to be changed to a pub or to a dance room or to a recording studio full of drug addicts, homosexuals and lunatics  as that of george martin, ally of the beatles .
it came from the nation whose king enrique viii adulterated the bible so that divorce could be allowed and in this way be able to give loose rein to the many divorces from his wives and subsequent murdering of the same ones and to whom god provided a wife with six fingers as abomination  anne boleyn  ... once again6, number of the beast ....
it is interesting to observe that this nation is nicknamed  the devil s island .
as the epithet of the government of satan on that nation, the center of london, the so well  known piccadilly circus, takes its name from an old brothel  the  piccadilla house  which means  the house of sin  , disappeared nowadays.
the antichrist john lennon, one of the devil s main puppets to destroy family, social and moral values and to begin the disintegration of mankind, did hit stuart sutcliffe  the first bass player of the beatles  in the head with a club repeatedly in hamburg.
some months later sutcliffe died from brain haemorrhage because of john lennon s bruises.
john lennon entered stardom being a murderer.
the same demons that made captain smith say  not even god can sink my ship  spoke from antichrist john lennon  from liverpool, base port to the titanic  saying   christianity is on the go.
it will vanish and shrink.
we are more popular than jesus and pope  ....
that was the day that god s curse fell upon the world of rock.
one week after that declaration, only one week later, brian epstein, forger of the beatle farce, died from an overdose.
from then on, the beatles began to get involved in false religions and to preach them to the world.
john lennon s divorce followed, as well as his entering the world of black magic, as deeply as to buy the apartment. where the  rosemary s baby  had been filmed, previous property of roman polansky, and in that same apartment john lennon had a room upholstered with black silk where he used to do his black magic operations.
came the disintegration of the beatles  minds with lsd which has caused, among others, schizophrenic lyrics such as  i am the walrus  and incoherent schizophrenic musical expositions like  revolution number9 .
at the same time, the devil acted through his other main puppets with  sympathy for the devil  that was when the pact of the rolling stones with satan took the life of the founder of the group, the guitarist brian jones  who refused to be a puppet of the devil , murdered by people sent by mick jagger, another assassin.
antichrist john lennon followed the devil s strategy writing lyrics such as  god is a concept by which we measure our pain ... i do nt believe in jesus, etc., etc.,   god  and  and no religions too ...   imagine .
antichrist john lennon wanted to compete with jesus christ, and so he grew a beard and started to make a bogus role of christ together with yoko ono at the amsterdam hilton hotel proclaiming  peace , being then when he was visited by the canadian journalist who ridiculized and admonished him wanting to know about what lennon meant when he wrote in the lyrics of  the ballad of john and yoko    the way things are going, they re going to crucify me ... , the curse of god upon john lennon carried on with all type of miseries and distresses which made lennon give the interview to the  rolling stone  magazine  today condensed in the  lennon remembers  book  where he speaks about how bad thing were going for him blaming  whatever is up there  for it  referring to god .
the curse of god carried on until he was shot dead.
it is interesting to notice that he was shot seven times, being seven, as well as three, the holy numbers in holy cabalah tradition ....
after george harrison, said arrogantly in a video filmed in his studio at henley on thames   i want to talk about the divinity of man , he was given throat cancer by god because of those words, which made metastasis and carried on to final death ..
to paul mccartney whose company s logo was a person toying with the planets as if he was a god, and who was being very much deluded in his ego trip by the fact that he was made  sir   when in england even the road sweeper is made sir, as long as he produces money for the nation , god provided cancer to the wife.
the advertising farce of how much he loved linda  woman whose quality he did not deserve , was exposed when it was known that paul had an affair with heather mills, linda s intimate friend, with whom mccartney went on a trip to new york and to whom he bought things and presents, while he was still mourning for his  dear linda .
at the same time mccartney was going out with heather mills, he used linda s death for promotional ends, due to his waning popularity.
paul was going out with heather, but in front of the audience he played the faithful husband s masquerade pretending to suffer for linda, for the afore mentioned promotional ends.
paul admitted that he made linda suffer a lot, but he did nt say that it was because he felt insecure as a man due to his womanish face and effeminate manners and also because with his age his sexual power was not the same, even though it has never been much.
the early days were the days of competition between paul and his wife and john and his wife and he knew he had to compete with ugly john for the leadership of the band in front of their wives and having yoko ono made him aware of his lack of virility and repressed homosexuality, he grew the beard that we see in the  let it be  film and started to show pictures of naked women in the same film, doing every effort he could to be seen as a man ....
it is easy to note the uneasiness of mccartney when he sings   i ve got a feeling, a feeling i ca nt hide ...  in front of yoko in the film.
he already had the traumas that his previous girlfriend jane asher had caused him when she made him aware of his little manliness and effeminate manners .
paul has such a big inferiority complex as a man, due to his effeminate face, body and personality and due to his repressed homosexuality, that he found himself a handicapped woman with only one leg, so that he could stand out, being very conscious that a full woman would make him feel the superiority of virile men again, as jane and linda did.
this is something that his ego trip of lucky bad musician could not face anymore ....
he is very conscious that money and fame can not buy virility and manliness.
besides being a murderer, john lennon had sexual intercourse with homosexual brian epstein to get him interested in going to see the band at the cavern, trauma from which he never recovered.
because of the trauma that his homosexual relation with brian epstein had left him, he made lyrics such as   you can wear a collar and a tie, one thing you ca nt hide is when you re crippled inside  and gave declarations to the  rolling stone  magazine saying that  sometimes he wore texan boots to feel more secure as a man .
the beatles are very well known by people close to them for their arrogance and racism.
one of the manifestations of their racism is the rejection towards japanese yoko ono.
that rejection got to the point that george harrison kicked yoko ono in the apple studios during the filming of let it be.
when john asked george while they were having lunch about how things were going for paul after his separation from the beatles and george replied that he was number one in the swedish hit parade, john said in a despective manner   ah  .. in sweden .. , as if sweden was an inferior place or something alike.
in the beatles  song  get back  they advise black joe to  get back to where you once belonged , as if england was not a place for black people.
sometimes back, paul told george in the apple offices that the new generations are a bundle of idiots and useless people, but in any way they would have also been slaves of the beatles.
the jewish marriage living to the right of george s house said that he is an arrogant person who does never return a greeting.
the newly married couple living on the corner in front of the entrance of george s house  friar park  refers to him as an overbearing person to stay away from.
the receptionist of  hand made , the former film making company of george harrison said   we do nt have any relation with that man anymore and we do nt want to know anything about him .
it is interesting to note that this company was made bankrupt by the british cinema industry due to the despotism and pedantry of george harrison, who believed that the cinema industry would have worshiped him.
their chauvinisms got to the point that even they themselves hated each other.
paul mccartney said that george harrison is a nothing.
george harrison said that he is tired of listening to people talk about john lennon ....
george harrison said in a video that  oasis is a very untalented band and they should nt be playing at all , all of it being the truth, but the beatles is also a band of very poor musicians, if musicians at all, who could only play a couple of elementary guitar chords and who are as untalented as oasis.
the beatles of the times of the  cavern  sounded exactly as poorly as oasis and the little musical quality in the songs of the beatles is due to george martin.
without george martin the beatles would have been just another untalented band as oasis ....
paul mccartney said recently that he believes in using magic, and he does lots of charity, thinking that in this way he will compensate for the curse of god that is upon him and that took his wife s life because of his satanism and involvement in black magic.
he thinks he will deceive people in this way, so that the real mccartney will not be perceived.
is the old devil attempting to disguise as good in front of people.
satan deceiving mankind once again, as so many other thousands of times through the centuries ....
after the devil began his devastating job from the ghostly  devil s island  through his nine main puppets  beatles  rolling stones , he possessed an endless amount of other schizophrenic bad musician in the afore mentioned island and weakening their conscience with drugs, he made them proclaimers of homosexuality, aversion to religion, destruction of family values, dissipation, mental illness, antisocialism, etc., etc.,
the fact that bad apprentice musicians such as the beatles and the rolling stones achieved such a giant fame that not even the real quality musicians could achieve, was because the forces of satan were behind everything, supporting the process.
this mentally ill humanity, destroyed families, twisted moral values, manifest or repressed homosexuality in human beings, anti natural feminism rebellion, drug addiction, corrupt social outlines, mad youths without direction, non respect to hierarchies, convulsed nations, misanthropy, misogyny, paedophilia, irrational and feeble lasciviousness and all other type of existent aberrations, are due to the vast manoeuvre that satan executed through his main marionettes the beatles and the rolling stones, from the devil s island.
if you wonder why there is misery and curse in your house, it is because you own some l.p, cd or another article related to the cursed by god beatles and rolling stones.
we recommend you to take that curse out of your house throwing away everything related to the devil s main nine puppets ....
you have been warned ...
the high court.
the five judges
for the sake of mankind, you should email our verdict to your friends.
email  yamwhatiyam  pop...spinach.eat
groups  alt.consumers, ba.consumers, misc.consumers, misc.consumers.frugalliving
attack on iran  a looming folly
by william rivers pitt
t r u t h o u t  perspective
monday 09 january 2006
the wires have been humming since before the new year with reports that the bush administration is planning an attack on iran.
the bush administration is preparing its nato allies for a possible military strike against suspected nuclear sites in iran in the new year, according to german media reports, reinforcing similar earlier suggestions in the turkish media,  reported upi on december 30th.
the berlin daily der tagesspiegel this week,  continued upi,  quoted  nato intelligence sources  who claimed that the nato allies had been informed that the united states is currently investigating all possibilities of bringing the mullah  led regime into line, including military options.
this  all options are open  line has been president george w bush s publicly stated policy throughout the past 18 months.
an examination of the ramifications of such an attack is desperately in order.
1. blowback in iraq
the recent elections in iraq were dominated by an amalgam of religiously fundamentalist shiite organizations, principally the dawa party and the supreme council for islamic revolution in iraq  sciri .
both dawa and sciri have umbilical connections to the fundamentalist shiite leadership in iran that go back decades.
in essence, iran now owns a significant portion of the iraqi government.
should the united states undertake military action against iran, the ramifications in iraq would be immediate and extreme.
in the first eight days of january, eighteen us troops have been killed in iraq, compounded by another twelve deaths from a black hawk helicopter crash on saturday.
much of the violence aimed at american forces is coming from disgruntled sunni factions that have their own militias, believe the last elections were a sham, and hold little political power in the government.
if the us attacks iran, it is probable that american forces  already taxed by attacks from sunni factions  will also face reprisal attacks in iraq from shiite factions loyal to iran.
the result will be a dramatic escalation in us and civilian casualties, us forces will be required to bunker themselves further into their bases, and us forces will find themselves required to fight the very government they just finished helping into power.
iraq, already a seething cauldron, will sink further into chaos.
2. iran s armaments
unlike iraq, iran has not spent the last fifteen years having its conventional forces worn down by grueling sanctions, repeated attacks, and two american  led wars.
while iran s conventional army is not what it was during the heyday of the iran  iraq war  their armaments have deteriorated and the veterans of that last war have retired  the nation enjoys substantial military strength nonetheless.
according to a report issued by the center for strategic and international studies in december of 2004, iran  has some 540,000 men under arms and over 350,000 reserves.
they include 120,000 iranian revolutionary guards trained for land and naval asymmetrical warfare.
iran s military also includes holdings of 1,613 main battle tanks, 21,600 other armored fighting vehicles, 3,200 artillery weapons, 306 combat aircraft, 60 attack helicopters,3 submarines, 59 surface combatants, and 10 amphibious ships.
iran is now the only regional military power that poses a significant conventional military threat to gulf stability,  continued the csis report.
iran has significant capabilities for asymmetric warfare, and poses the additional threat of proliferation.
there is considerable evidence that it is developing both a long  range missile force and a range of weapons of mass destruction.
it has never properly declared its holdings of chemical weapons, and the status of its biological weapons programs is unknown.
a milnet brief issued in february 2005 reports,  due to its position astride the persian gulf, iran has constantly been a threat to the gulf.
the so called  tanker  wars in the late 1980s put iran squarely in the bullseye of all nations seeking to transport oil out of the region.
even the small navy that iran puts to sea is capable enough to harass shipping, and several cases of small boat operations against oil well heads in the gulf during that period made it clear small asymmetrical tactics of the iranian navy could be quite effective.
more concerning,  continued the milnet brief,  is the priority placed on expanding and modernizing its navy.
the csis report cites numerous areas where iran has funded modernization including the most troublesome aspect, antishipping cruise missiles   iran has obtained new antiship missiles and missile patrol craft from china, midget submarines from north korea, submarines from russia, and modern mines.
it is iran s missile armaments that pose the greatest concern for american forces in the gulf, especially for the us navy.
iran s coast facing the persian gulf is a looming wall of mountains that look down upon any naval forces arrayed in those waters.
the gulf itself only has one exit, the strait of hormuz, which is also dominated by the mountainous iranian coastline.
in essence, iran holds the high ground in the gulf.
missile batteries arrayed in those mountains could raise bloody havoc with any fleet deployed below.
of all the missiles in iran s armament, the most dangerous is the russian  made ss  n  22 sunburn.
these missiles are, simply, the fastest antiship weapons on the planet.
the sunburn can reach mach3 at high altitude.
its maximum low  altitude speed is mach 2.2, some three times faster than the american  made harpoon.
the sunburn takes two short minutes to cover its full range.
the missile s manufacturers state that one or two missiles could cripple a destroyer, and five missiles could sink a 20,000 ton ship.
the sunburn is also superior to the exocet missile.
recall that it was two exocets that ripped the uss stark to shreds in 1987, killing 37 sailors.
the stark could not see them to stop them.
the us aircraft carrier theodore roosevelt is currently deployed in the persian gulf, with some 7,000 souls aboard.
sailing with the roosevelt is the tarawa expeditionary strike force, which includes the uss tarawa, the uss austin, and the uss pearl harbor.
the uss austin is likewise deployed in the gulf.
the sunburn missile, with its incredible speed and ability to avoid radar detection, would do terrible damage these ships if iran chooses to retaliate in the gulf after an american attack within its borders.
beyond the naval threat is the possibility of iran throwing its military muscle into the ongoing struggle in iraq.
currently, the us is facing an asymmetrical attack from groups wielding small arms, shoulder  fired grenades and roadside bombs.
the vaunted american military has suffered 2,210 deaths and tens of thousands of wounded from this form of warfare.
the occupation of iraq has become a guerrilla war, a siege that has lasted more than a thousand days.
if iran decides to throw any or all of its 23,000 armored fighting vehicles, along with any or all of its nearly million  strong army, into the iraq fray, the situation in the middle east could become unspeakably dire.
3. the syrian connection
in february of 2005, iran and syria agreed upon a mutual protection pact to combat  challenges and threats  in the region.
this was a specific reaction to the american invasion of iraq, and a reaction to america s condemnation of syria after the death of lebanese prime minister rafik hariri, which was widely seen as an assassination ordered from damascus.
an attack on iran would trigger this mutual defense pact, and could conceivably bring syria into direct conflict with american forces.
like iran, syria s military is nothing to scoff at.
virtually every credible analysis has syria standing as the strongest military force in the middle east after israel.
damascus has been intent for years upon establishing significant military strength to serve as a counterweight to israel s overwhelming capabilities.
as of 2002, syria had some 215,000 soldiers under arms, 4,700 tanks, and a massive artillery capability.
the syrian air force is comprised of ten to eleven fighter  attack squadrons and sixteen fighter squadrons, totaling somewhere near 650 aircraft.
syria also possesses one of the largest arsenals of ballistic missiles in the region, comprised primarily of scud  derived systems.
iran, north korea and china have been willing providers of state  of  the  art technologies.
compounding this is the well  based suspicion that syria has perhaps the most advanced chemical weapons capability in the persian gulf.
4. china and the us economy
while the ominous possibilities of heightened iraqi chaos, missiles in the gulf, and syrian involvement loom large if the us attacks iran, all pale in comparison to the involvement of china in any us  iran engagement.
china s economy is exploding, hampered only by their great thirst for petroleum and natural gas to fuel their industry.
in the last several months, china has inked deals with iran for  70 billion dollars worth of iranian oil and natural gas.
china will purchase 250 million tons of liquefied natural gas from iran over the next 30 years, will develop the massive yadavaran oil field in iran, and will receive 150,000 barrels of oil per day from that field.
china is seeking the construction of a pipeline from iran to the caspian sea, where it would link with another planned pipeline running from kazakhstan to china.
any us attack on iran could be perceived by china as a direct threat to its economic health.
further, any fighting in the persian gulf would imperil the tankers running china s liquefied natural gas through the strait of hormuz.
should china decide to retaliate against the us to defend its oil and natural gas deal with iran, the us would be faced with a significant threat.
this threat exists not merely on a military level, though china could force a confrontation in the pacific by way of taiwan.
more significantly, china holds a large portion of the american economy in the palm of its hand.
paul craig roberts, writing for the american conservative, said in july of 2005 that  as a result of many years of persistent trade surpluses with the united states, the japanese government holds dollar reserves of approximately 1 trillion.
china s accumulation of dollars is approximately  600 billion.
south korea holds about  200 billion.
these sums give these countries enormous leverage over the united states.
by dumping some portion of their reserves, these countries could put the dollar under intense pressure and send u.s. interest rates skyrocketing.
washington would really have to anger japan and korea to provoke such action, but in a showdown with china  over taiwan, for example  china holds the cards.
china and japan, and the world at large, have more dollar reserves than they require.
they would have no problem teaching a hegemonic superpower a lesson if the need arose.
the hardest blow on americans,  concluded roberts,  will fall when china does revalue its currency.
when china s currency ceases to be undervalued, american shoppers in wal  mart, where 70 percent of the goods on the shelves are made in china, will think they are in neiman marcus.
price increases will cause a dramatic reduction in american real incomes.
if this coincides with rising interest rates and a setback in the housing market, american consumers will experience the hardest times since the great depression.
in short, china has the american economy by the throat.
should they decide to squeeze, we will all feel it.
china s strong hand in this even extends to the diplomatic realm  china is a permanent member of the united nations security council, and could veto any actions against iran proposed by the united states.
5. american preparedness
american citizens have for decades taken it as a given that our military can overwhelm and overcome any foe on the battlefield.
the rapid victory during the first gulf war cemented this perception.
the last three years of the iraq occupation, however, have sapped this confidence.
worse, the occupation has done great damage to the strength of the american military, justifying the decrease in confidence.
thanks to repeated deployments to iraq and afghanistan, recruiting is at an all  time low.
soldiers with vital training and know  how are refusing to reenlist.
across the board, the american military is stretched to the breaking point.
two vaunted economists  one a nobel prize winner and the other a nationally renowned budget expert  have analyzed the data at hand and put a price tag on the iraq occupation.
according to linda bilmes of harvard and nobel laureate joseph e. stiglitz of columbia university, the final cost of the iraq occupation will run between 1 trillion and 2 trillion, surpassing by orders of magnitude the estimates put forth by the bush administration.
if an engagement with iran envelops our forces in iraq, and comes to involve syria, our economy will likely shatter under the strain of fighting so many countries simultaneously.
add to this the economic threat posed by china, and the economic threat implicit in any substantial disruption of the distribution of mideast petroleum to the globe.
if iran and syria  with their significant armaments, missile technologies and suspected chemical weapons capabilities  decide to engage with the relatively undersized us force in iraq, our troops there will be fish in a barrel.
iran s position over the gulf would make resupply by ship and air support from carriers a dangerous affair.
in the worst  case scenario, the newly  minted american order of battle requiring the use of nuclear weapons to rescue a surrounded and imperiled force could come into play, hurling the entire planet into military and diplomatic bedlam.
conclusion  is any of this possible
the question must be put as directly as possible  what manner of maniac would undertake a path so fraught with peril and potential economic catastrophe
it is difficult to imagine a justification for any action that could envelop the united states in a military and economic conflict with iraq, iran, syria and china simultaneously.
iran is suspected by many nations of working towards the development of nuclear weapons, but even this justification has been tossed into a cocked hat.
recently, russian president vladimir putin bluntly stated that iran is not developing its nuclear capability for any reasons beyond peaceful energy creation, and pledged to continue assisting iran in this endeavor.
therefore, any attack upon iran s nuclear facilities will bring russia into the mess.
iran also stands accused of aiding terrorism across the globe.
the dangers implicit in any attack upon that nation, however, seem to significantly offset whatever gains could be made in the so  called  war on terror.
unfortunately, all the dangers in the world are no match for the self  assurance of a bubble  encased zealot.
what manner of maniac would undertake such a dangerous course
look no further than 1600 pennsylvania avenue.
george w. bush and his administration have consistently undertaken incredibly dangerous courses of action in order to garner political power on the home front.
recall the multiple terror threats lobbed out by the administration whenever damaging political news appeared in the media.
more significantly, recall iraq.
karl rove, bush s most senior advisor, notoriously told republicans on the ballot during the 2002 midterms to  run on the war.
the invasion of iraq provided marvelous political cover for the gop not only during those midterms, but during the 2004 presidential election.
what kind of political cover would be gained from an attack on iran, and from the diversion of attention to that attack
the answer lies in one now  familiar name  jack abramoff.
the abramoff scandal threatens to subsume all the hard  fought gop gains in congress, and the 2006 midterms are less than a year away.
is any of this a probability
logic says no, but logic seldom plays any part in modern american politics.
all arguments that the bush administration would be insane to attack iran and risk a global conflagration for the sake of political cover run into one unavoidable truth.
they did it once already in iraq.
by graydon carter  excepted from  what we ve lost , published by little brown
68.4  average number of species added to the endangered and threatened species list each year between 1991 and 2000.
0  number of endangered species voluntarily added by the bush administration since taking office.
408  number of species that could be extinct by 2050 if the global  warming trend continues.
0  number of times bush mentioned global warming, clean air, clean water, pollution or environment in his 2004 state of the union speech.
his father was the last president to go through an entire state of the union address without mentioning the environment.
1  number of paragraphs devoted to global warming in the epa s 600  page  draft report on the environment  presented in 2003.
68  number of days after taking office that bush decided not to ratify the kyoto protocol, the international treaty to reduce greenhouse gases by roughly 5.2 per cent below 1990 levels by 2012.
the united states was to cut its level by7 per cent.
1 the rank of the united states worldwide in terms of greenhouse gas emissions.
25  percentage of overall worldwide carbon dioxide emissions the united states is responsible for.
53  number of days after taking office that bush reneged on his campaign promise to regulate carbon dioxide emissions from power plants.
14  percentage carbon dioxide emissions will increase over the next 10 years under bush s own global  warming plan  an increase of 30 per cent above their 1990 levels .
5  number of years the bush administration said in 2003 that global warming must be further studied before substantive action could be taken.
44 m  amount the bush  cheney 2000 campaign and the republican national committee received in contributions from the fossil fuel, chemical, timber, and mining industries.
200  number of regulation rollbacks downgrading or weakening environmental laws in bush s first three years in office.
31  number of bush administration appointees who are alumni of the energy industry  includes four cabinet secretaries, the six most powerful white house officials, and more than 20 other high  level appointees .
50  approximate number of policy changes and regulation rollbacks injurious to the environment that have been announced by the bush administration on fridays after5 pm, a time that makes it all but impossible for news organisations to relay the information to the widest possible audience.
50  percentage decline in environmental protection agency enforcement actions against polluters under bush s watch.
34  percentage decline in criminal penalties for environmental crimes since bush took office.
50  percentage decline in civil penalties for environmental crimes since bush took office.
6.1 m  amount the epa historically valued each human life when conducting economic analyses of proposed regulations.
3.7 m  amount the epa valued each human life when conducting analyses of proposed regulations during the bush administration.
62  number of members of cheney s 63  person energy task force with ties to corporate energy interests.
0  number of environmentalists asked to attend cheney s energy task force meetings.
6  number of months before 11 september that cheney s energy task force investigated iraq s oil reserves.
2  percentage of the world s population that is british.
2  percentage of the world s oil used by britain.
5  percentage of the world s population that is american.
25  percentage of the world s oil used by america.
63  percentage of oil the united states imported in 2003, a record high.
24,000  estimated number of premature deaths that will occur under bush s clear skies initiative.
300  number of clean water act violations by the mountaintop  mining industry in 2003.
750,000  tons of toxic waste the us military, the world s biggest polluter, generates around the world each year.
3.8 bn  amount in the superfund trust fund for toxic site clean  ups in 1995, the year  polluter pays  fees expired.
0  amount of uncommitted dollars in the superfund trust fund for toxic site clean  ups in 2003.
270  estimated number of court decisions citing federal negligence in endangered  species protection that remained unheeded during the first year of the bush administration.
100  percentage of those decisions that bush then decided to allow the government to ignore indefinitely.
50  percentage of screened workers at ground zero who now suffer from long  term health problems, almost half of whom do nt have health insurance.
78  percentage of workers at ground zero who now suffer from lung ailments.
88  percentage of workers at ground zero who now suffer from ear, nose, or throat problems.
22  asbestos levels at ground zero were 22 times higher than the levels in libby, montana, where the w r grace mine produced one of the worst superfund disasters in us history.
1  number of bush administration public statements on national security issued between 20 january 2001 and 10 september 2001 that mentioned al  qaida.
104  number of bush administration public statements on national security and defense in the same period that mentioned iraq or saddam hussein.
101  number of bush administration public statements on national security and defense in the same period that mentioned missile defence.
65  number of bush administration public statements on national security and defense in the same period that mentioned weapons of mass destruction.
0  number of times bush mentioned osama bin laden in his three state of the union addresses.
73  number of times that bush mentioned terrorism or terrorists in his three state of the union addresses.
83  number of times bush mentioned saddam, iraq, or regime  as in change  in his three state of the union addresses.
1 m  estimated value of a painting the bush presidential library in college station, texas, received from prince bandar, saudi arabia s ambassador to the united states and bush family friend.
0  number of times bush mentioned saudi arabia in his three state of the union addresses.
1,700  percentage increase between 2001 and 2002 of saudi arabian spending on public relations in the united states.
79  percentage of the 11 september hijackers who came from saudi arabia.
3  number of 11 september hijackers whose entry visas came through special us  saudi  visa express  programme.
140  number of saudis, including members of the bin laden family, evacuated from united states almost immediately after 11 september.
14  number of immigration and naturalisation service  ins  agents assigned to track down 1,200 known illegal immigrants in the united states from countries where al  qaida is active.
3 m  amount the white house was willing to grant the 911 commission to investigate the 11 september attacks.
0  amount approved by george bush to hire more ins special agents.
10 m  amount bush cut from the ins s existing terrorism budget.
50 m  amount granted to the commission that looked into the columbia space shuttle crash.
5 m  amount a 1996 federal commission was given to study legalised gambling.
7  number of arabic linguists fired by the us army between midaugust and midoctober 2002 for being gay.
george bush  military man
1972  year that bush walked away from his pilot duties in the texas national guard, nearly two years before his six  year obligation was up.
3,500  reward a group of veterans offered in 2000 for anyone who could confirm bush s alabama guard service.
600  700  number of guardsmen who were in bush s unit during that period.
0  number of guardsmen from that period who came forward with information about bush s guard service.
0  number of minutes that president bush, vice  president dick cheney, the defence secretary, donald rumsfeld, the assistant defence secretary, paul wolfowitz, the former chairman of the defence policy board, richard perle, and the white house chief of staff, karl rove  the main proponents of the war in iraq  served in combat  combined .
0  number of principal civilian or pentagon staff members who planned the war who have immediate family members serving in uniform in iraq.
8  number of members of the us senate and house of representatives who have a child serving in the military.
10  number of days that the pentagon spent investigating a soldier who had called the president  a joke  in a letter to the editor of a newspaper.
46  percentage increase in sales between 2001 and 2002 of gi joe figures  children s toys .
ambitious warrior
2  number of nations that george bush has attacked and taken over since coming into office.
130  approximate number of countries  out of a total of 191 recognised by the united nations  with a us military presence.
43  percentage of the entire world s military spending that the us spends on defence.
that was in 2002, the year before the invasion of iraq.
401.3 b  proposed military budget for 2004.
saviour of iraq
1983  the year in which donald rumsfeld, ronald reagan s special envoy to the middle east, gave saddam hussein a pair of golden spurs as a gift.
2.5  number of hours after rumsfeld learnt that osama bin laden was a suspect in the 11 september attacks that he brought up reasons to  hit  iraq.
237  minimum number of misleading statements on iraq made by top bush administration officials between 2002 and january 2004, according to the california representative henry waxman.
10 m  estimated number of people worldwide who took to the streets on 21 february 2003, in opposition to the invasion of iraq, the largest simultaneous protest in world history.
2 b  estimated monthly cost of us military presence in iraq projected by the white house in april 2003.
4 b  actual monthly cost of the us military presence in iraq according to secretary of defence rumsfeld in 2004.
15 m  amount of a contract awarded to an american firm to build a cement factory in iraq.
80,000  amount an iraqi firm spent  using saddam s confiscated funds  to build the same factory, after delays prevented the american firm from starting it.
2000  year that cheney said his policy as ceo of halliburton oil services company was  we would nt do anything in iraq .
4.7 b  total value of contracts awarded to halliburton in iraq and afghanistan.
680 m  estimated value of iraq reconstruction contracts awarded to bechtel.
2.8 b  value of bechtel corp contracts in iraq.
120 b  amount the war and its aftermath are projected to cost for the 2004 fiscal year.
35  number of countries to which the united states suspended military assistance after they failed to sign agreements giving americans immunity from prosecution before the international criminal court.
92  percentage of iraq s urban areas with access to potable water in late 2002.
60  percentage of iraq s urban areas with access to potable water in late 2003.
55  percentage of the iraqi workforce who were unemployed before the war.
80  percentage of the iraqi workforce who are unemployed a year after the war.
0  number of american combat deaths in germany after the nazi surrender in may 1945.
37  death toll of us soldiers in iraq in may 2003, the month combat operations  officially  ended.
0  number of coffins of dead soldiers returning home that the bush administration has permitted to be photographed.
0  number of memorial services for the returned dead that bush has attended since the beginning of the war.
a soldier s best friend
40,000  number of soldiers in iraq seven months after start of the war still without interceptor vests, designed to stop a round from an ak  47.
60 m  estimated cost of outfitting those 40,000 soldiers with interceptor vests.
62  percentage of gas masks that army investigators discovered did not work properly in autumn 2002.
90  percentage of detectors which give early warning of a biological weapons attack found to be defective.
87  percentage of humvees in iraq not equipped with armour capable of stopping ak  47 rounds and protecting against roadside bombs and landmines at the end of 2003.
making the country safer
3.29  average amount allocated per person nationwide in the first round of homeland security grants.
94.40  amount allocated per person for homeland security in american samoa.
36  amount allocated per person for homeland security in wyoming, vice  president cheney s home state.
17  amount allocated per person in new york state.
5.87  amount allocated per person in new york city.
77.92  amount allocated per person in new haven, connecticut, home of yale university, bush s alma mater.
76  percentage of 215 cities surveyed by the us conference of mayors in early 2004 that had yet to receive a dime in federal homeland security assistance for their first  response units.
5  number of major us airports at the beginning of 2004 that the transportation security administration admitted were not fully screening baggage electronically.
22,600  number of planes carrying unscreened cargo that fly into new york each month.
5  estimated percentage of us air cargo that is screened, including cargo transported on passenger planes.
95  percentage of foreign goods that arrive in the united states by sea.
2  percentage of those goods subjected to thorough inspection.
5.5 b  estimated cost to secure fully us ports over the next decade.
0  amount bush allocated for port security in 2003.
46 m  amount the bush administration has budgeted for port security in 2005.
15,000  number of major chemical facilities in the united states.
100  number of us chemical plants where a terrorist act could endanger the lives of more than one million people.
0  number of new drugs or vaccines against  priority pathogens  listed by the centres for disease control that have been developed and introduced since 11 september 2001.
giving a hand up to the advantaged
10.9 m  average wealth of the members of bush s original 16  person cabinet.
75  percentage of americans unaffected by bush s sweeping 2003 cuts in capital gains and dividends taxes.
42,000  average savings members of bush s cabinet received in 2003 as a result of cuts in capital gains and dividends taxes.
10  number of fellow members from the yale secret society skull and bones that bush has named to important positions  including the associate attorney general robert mccallum jr. and sec chief bill donaldson .
79  number of bush s initial 189 appointees who also served in his father s administration.
a man with a lot of friends
113 m  amount of total hard money the bush  cheney 2000 campaign received, a record.
11.5 m  amount of hard money raised through the pioneer programme, the controversial fund  raising process created for the bush  cheney 2000 campaign.
participants pledged to raise at least  100,000 by bundling together cheques of up to  1,000 from friends and family.
pioneers were assigned numbers, which were included on all cheques, enabling the campaign to keep track of who raised how much.
george bush  money manager
4.7 m  number of bankruptcies that were declared during bush s first three years in office.
2002  the worst year for major markets since the recession of the 1970s.
489 b  the us trade deficit in 2003, the worst in history for a single year.
5.6 t  projected national surplus forecast by the end of the decade when bush took office in 2001.
7.22 t  us national debt by mid2004.
george bush  tax cutter
87  percentage of american families in april 2004 who say they have felt no benefit from bush s tax cuts.
39  percentage of tax cuts that will go to the top1 per cent of american families when fully phased in.
49  percentage of americans in april 2004 who found that their taxes had actually gone up since bush took office.
88  percentage of american families who will save less than  100 on their 2006 federal taxes as a result of 2003 cut in capital gains and dividends taxes.
30,858  amount bush himself saved in taxes in 2003.
employment tsar
9.3 m  number of us unemployed in april 2004.
2.3 m  number of americans who lost their jobs during first three years of the bush administration.
22 m  number of jobs gained during clinton s eight years in office.
friend of the poor
34.6 m  number of americans living below the poverty line 1 in8 of the population .
6.8 m  number of people in the workforce but still classified as poor.
35 m  number of americans that the government defines as  food insecure,  in other words, hungry.
300 m  amount cut from the federal programme that provides subsidies to poor families so they can heat their homes.
40  percentage of wealth in the united states held by the richest1 per cent of the population.
18  percentage of wealth in britain held by the richest 1e per cent of the population.
george bush and his special friend
60 b  loss to enron stockholders, following the largest bankruptcy in us history.
205 m  amount enron ceo kenneth lay earned from stock option profits over a four  year period.
101 m  amount lay made from selling his enron shares just before the company went bankrupt.
59,339  amount the bush campaign reimbursed enron for 14 trips on its corporate jet during the 2000 campaign.
30  length of time in months between enron s collapse and lay  whom the president called  kenny boy   still not being charged with a crime.
george bush  lawman
15  average number of minutes bush spent reviewing capital punishment cases while governor of texas.
46  percentage of republican federal judges when bush came to office.
57  percentage of republican federal judges after three years of the bush administration.
33  percentage of the  15 bn bush pledged to fight aids in africa that must go to abstinence  only programmes.
the civil libertarian
680  number of suspected al  qaida members that the united states admits are detained at guantanamo bay, cuba.
42  number of nationalities of those detainees at guantanamo.
22  number of hours prisoners were handcuffed, shackled, and made to wear surgical masks, earmuffs, and blindfolds during their flight to guantanamo.
32  number of confirmed suicide attempts by guantanamo bay prisoners.
24  number of prisoners in mid2003 being monitored by psychiatrists in guantanamo s new mental ward.
a health  conscious president
43.6 m  number of americans without health insurance by the end of 2002  more than 15 per cent of the population .
2.4 m  number of americans who lost their health insurance during bush s first year in office.
image booster for the us
2,500  number of public  diplomacy officers employed by the state department to further the image of the us abroad in 1991.
1,200  number of public  diplomacy officers employed by the state department to further us image abroad in 2004.
4  rank of the united states among countries considered to be the greatest threats to world peace according to a 2003 pew global attitudes study  israel, iran, and north korea were considered more dangerous  iraq was considered less dangerous .
66 b  amount the united states spent on international aid and diplomacy in 1949.
23.8 b  amount the united states spent on international aid and diplomacy in 2002.
85  percentage of indonesians who had an unfavourable image of the united states in 2003.
second  party endorsements
90  percentage of americans who approved of the way bush was handling his job as president on 26 september 2001.
67  percentage of americans who approved of the way bush was handling his job as president on 26 september 2002.
54  percentage of americans who approved of the way bush was handling his job as president on 30 september, 2003.
50  percentage of americans who approved of the way bush was handling his job as president on 15 october 2003.
49  percentage of americans who approved of the way bush was handling his job as president in may 2004.
more like the french than he would care to admit
28  number of vacation days bush took in august 2003, the second  longest vacation of any president in us history.
record holder richard nixon.
13  number of vacation days the average american receives each year.
28  number of vacation days bush took in august 2001, the month he received a6 august presidential daily briefing headed  osama bin laden determined to strike us targets.
500  number of days bush has spent all or part of his time away from the white house at his ranch in crawford, texas, his parents  retreat in kennebunkport, maine, or camp david as of1 april 2004.
no fool when it comes to the press
11  number of press conferences during his first three years in office in which bush referred to questions as being  trick  ones.
factors in his favor
3  number of companies that control the us voting technology market.
52  percentage of votes cast during the 2002 midterm elections that were recorded by election systems  software, the largest voting  technology firm, a big republican donor.
29  percentage of votes that will be cast via computer voting machines that do nt produce a paper record.
17  on 17 november 2001, the economist printed a correction for having said george bush was properly elected in 2000.
113 m  amount raised by the bush  cheney 2000 campaign, the most in american electoral history.
185 m  amount raised by the bush  cheney 2004 reelection campaign, to the end of march 2004.
200 m  amount that the bush  cheney 2004 campaign expects to raise by november 2004.
268 number of bush  cheney fund  raisers who had earned pioneer status  by raising  100,000 each  as of march 2004.
187  number of bush  cheney fund  raisers who had earned ranger status  by raising  200,000 each  as of march 2004.
64.2 m  the amount pioneers and rangers had raised for bush  cheney as of march 2004.
85  percentage of americans who ca nt name the chief justice of the united states.
69  percentage of americans who believed the white house s claims in september 2003 that saddam hussein was personally involved in the 11 september attacks.
34  percentage of americans who believed in june 2003 that saddam s  weapons of mass destruction  had been found.
22  percentage of americans who believed in may 2003 that saddam had used his wmds on us forces.
85  percentage of american young adults who can not find afghanistan, iraq, or israel on a map.
30  percentage of american young adults who can not find the pacific ocean on a map.
75  percentage of american young adults who do nt know the population of the united states.
53  percentage of canadian young adults who do nt know the population of the united states.
11  percentage of american young adults who can not find the united states on a map.
30  percentage of americans who believe that  politics and government are too complicated to understand.
another factor in his favor
70 m  estimated number of americans who describe themselves as evangelicals who accept jesus christ as their personal saviour and who interpret the bible as the direct word of god.
23 m  number of evangelicals who voted for bush in 2000.
50 m  number of voters in total who voted for bush in 2000.
46  percentage of voters who describe themselves as born  again christians.
5  number of states that do not use the word  evolution  in public school science courses.
my dad just does nt understand
ugh my dad is so stupid ... he just does nt understand anything
i have5 sisters and so including my mom ... he is the only guy in a house of six females.
now i m the youngest and i just got my period so now we all have ours and he thinks it s a good thing
he s always like  ohh you must be so happy to finally have yours, i wish i had mine   and he is nt even joking.
i think just living in a house with so many girls is making him go crazy
yep, the females are just getting to him ... dads ..
do nt blame him please, he feels lonely and wants to show his attention to all of you to look after you, please forgive and sympathy if he miss something.
i am sorry for him, he is a good dad
equine collages uk need help
can somebody give me the names some collages that do post 18  degrees or foundation degrees  in either
horse behaviour  training or
equine psychology
no one employs people from hartpury because of what they received on work experience.
merrist wood  i m there on a nvq equine course  do hnd in equine management.
your best bet is to look on ucas and do a course search.
merrist wood in woking in surrey.
moreton morrell in coventry, warwickshire
hartpury college  i think that is the name, but if you type it in it should come up with an alternative suggestion , in gloucestershire.
go onto the ucas website, go onto course search and search for the courses you want to do.
they ll give you a comprehensive list of all the universities that do the courses you want, plus all the information you need to apply.
besides from pacquiao, what else is the philipines famous for
cheap hookers
you should nt ask this question it s intimidating, if i tell you what people knows about philippines you will blush, thank god many thinks i m japanese just because of the way i keep myself, the way i talk and treat people, and the way i dress, so if you do nt want nasty, insulting answers especially from those undesirable migrants like puttagenius, caloy, gro science, and irene.
in fact philippines is famous to accept people like these people i mentioned whose not filipinos but helping the philippines to plunge in the pit as they are the rot of the country.
they need to be expulse from the country and if they are not there they should be banned entering the country to plant their eggs, as they are considered as the rotten left overs of dinasaurs
being the texting capital of the world.
would you recommend living in limerick as a student
i ve been given the opportunity to live in limerick, ireland, next year as part of my course .. if you know about limerick, what are the pros and cons
and would you recommend it as a student
the l.i.t is so close to moyross, yet again the ppl who talk sht about moyross still go there.
limerick s a great student city, there s loads on, you ll be spoilt for choice.
in fact, you probably wo nt ever want to leave.
orla got it in one.
although there is  bad press  directing at areas of limerick, but nowhere near the university.
limerick is such a full city, shopping, night life, career choices, social choices, i came here about 12 years ago for college ..... and orla got it spot on, i have nt left, nor would i.
it s now my home.
my mytouch 4g crashes with most custom roms i install.
can that be fixed
i really like the miui, but a process crashes repeatedly about every3 seconds.
and i ca nt even load the newest version of cyanogen mod.
not by the company ... as you voided your warrenty by installing custom roms
you are best to either recover to the standard rom, or find one that does nt crash.
cynangon mod should work.
have you tried using clockwork recovery
get the older version of cynagon mod.
also you could use a stable rom like bugless beast and baked snake.
those roms focus on speed and stability.
or you could just use a home screen launcher replacement.
i would recommend go launcher or adw launcher.
they are both excellent and speed up the phone quite a bit.
as a mytouch 4g owner i know the phone is pretty fast and their is no point installing a rom.
hope you read through this.
are the moors and penines in yorkshire a lonely eerie place
and how big are they
i m 33.
i ve never been to the yorkshire moors or penines at all ... i can see the penines in the far distance from my bedroom window.
when i watched werewolf in london  great film  that was the only time i saw the yorkshire moors.
can anyone give me information about them
they can be bleak and eerie, often very exposed, often covered with antiquities like bronze age burial mounds, stone circles and settlements  until late in the bronze age they were rich farmlands, then a change in the climate caused the skies to cloud over and rain to wash the goodness from the soil.
the people abandoned their farms and religious sites and the ground they stood on became moorland.
they can also be very beautiful when the purple heather is out, and they are habitat to much wildlife and many species of wildflowers.
i have a western pleasure appy that s really heavy on her left lead at the lope
my appy is very heavy on her left lead at the lope.
she seems to lope one stride and trot the next and repeat ...
how could i work with her to get off her four hand, get balance, and lope smoothly and slowly
put on a pair of spurs and before she makes that trot step, it s in the feeling when you feel her think trot, tick her with the spur and lift with your body to keep her moving.
if you concentrate on that feel just before the trot you can figure it out and the timing is essential to push her at that instant.
lope her to the left in circles, keep her head to the inside of the circle and push her but out, keep doing this if she breaks to a jog go a little bit bigger circle, till she can get enough balance to go small and small. circles
my new olympus x940 digital camera ...
hi everyone .... just hav my hands on my new olympus x940 digital camera .. wel, i always wanted2 hav one by sony .. but anyways, ended up having olympus x940 from my dad ....... does any1 already has it
how has ur experience with it
is it a gud option for casual  formal functions photography
wht abt its picture quality
is it comparable to sony products or not
it has 14 mega pixel camera ... n4 x wide optical zoom ...
ur answers and reviews wud be highly appreciated ....... thanks
olympus x  940 14 megapixel digital camera has filters and can do all sorts of special effects.
it is def worth more than the price.
i am very satisfied.
a good camera for the plain point and shoot.
my answer is that we do nt to text speak here ... we type in english.
get your english in order before writing here again please.
dead pixel of my photos
just want to ask .. i have an nikon dslr .. i m wondering why if i zoom my picture zoom like almost 200  300 percent .. i can see some dead pixel ... is there something wrong with my camera body
lens
or what
please help me .. and what should i do to fix this problem
or it is normal
are you sure it is nt dirt on the sensor
put the camera on manual focus and set focus to infinity
take a photo of a very light plain subject close to the lens using long exposure and smallest aperture you have  over expose by a couple of stops
you will see in the image if there is dirt as that will be the only thing in focus
cure is to get the sensor cleaned
there should be a pixel mapping function in the menu that will get rid of them, most sensors have a few dead and flipped pixels, some only show up on long exposures.
chris
new zealand skilled migrant visa
if you apply for a skilled migrant worker s visa and it is accepted do you have to find work in the same sector as your skills on your application or can you take up other work if you ca nt find something in your own field.
i have posted this question on the nz visa site and ca nt get any info, does anyone know.
watch out the poles are coming ..... my little butterfly
that would be preferable but it does nt matter, could be something similar
it depends on the conditions of your skilled migrant visa.
your visa should say whether or not you are restricted to work in a specific sector.
if your visa does not restrict you from taking any work in new zealand then you can work in any sector.
it only matters if you received an offer of employment or if you are currently working in new zealand and used that job in your application to get your skilled migrant visa.
in chicago, what is the best restaurant to dine at on a budget
downtown chicago, loop, north
take the red line to clark, then you turn right.
walk2 blocks then turn right again.
walk2 more blocks then cross the street.
you will get to a place called  big bowl .
thai food and asian.
best place ever
mcdonald s
not necessarily the restaurant but what you order when you get there and what time you go.
a lunch will be less expensive than a dinner.
you can order appetizers rather than a full meal and have just as good a dinner.
but the best way is to use coupons.
check out httpwww.restaurant.com lots of restaurants you can look at the menu and check out prices.
yo also may want to try  small neighborhood  restaurants and support family run places rather than the large corporate chains.
not that there is anything wrong with that because they also employ local people that live and shop in the area.
is there any cure for mouse poison
i found a poor little mouse walking around in my friend s house, and since i was able to catch it very easily  normally mice move at the speed of light , and since it was acting unresponsive, i thought it was infected with mouse poison, since my friend uses it.
i know that the mouse will probably die, but i was wondering if there is any cure for mouse poison
i just hate to see the poor dears experience a slow painful death that way .
without knowing the exact poison, no.
a common one is arsenic and there really is nt a way to cure that.
take the mouse to an emergency vet and have them use co2 to put the mouse to sleep.
or, you can put the animal in a snap trap designed for rats or mice since that is the only really humane kill method for invasive animals.
a quick cure would be arm  hammer to its head.
crayola air  dry clay
ok.
so i have a very long list of people i want to make xmas gifts for and one of them is my best friend.
she loves giraffes and homemade things
i am very artistic so i decided i was going to make her a giraffe sculpture.
i do nt have much money so i bought crayola air  dry clay.
i have sculpted the giraffe laying down.
the key is ... i have a few problems
1. i tested it out by making a figure boat
and after4 days when it dried it was very fragile
like very not in a good way
is there any way to strengthen it
2. what kind of paint do i use to paint the giraffe
3. is there any cheap way to give it a shine like i made it in a kiln
air dry clay works on armatures, the clay has a minor shrink percent, so you can leave the wire armature inside, paint with acrylic paint
taking young cat with me for a week out of state
good idea
i have a3 4 month old kitten and i live in forida.
i am going to my grandma s in north carolina and we are going camping in a cabin in west virginia.
my cat is a outside cat but she loves it inside.
she is also good in a carrier.
should i bring her
if so how quick will she adapt to a litter box inside
thanks
we took our cat mitten camping.
he loved it.
but he was an inside  outside cat  only one i owned  rest have been 100 0nside cats .
he was trained to a harness  leash for outside time but he knew to use the litter pan inside.
if your cat is not trained to use the litter pan, you may have a problem taking her.
no
changing its surroundings too often will stress it out and it will get depressed, mean, sick, or will not want to be around you.
what cleaners should i use for dusting around my parakeet
what cleaners can i use to dust around my budgie.
would pledge be ok
if not, what is
your best bet would just be a swiffer duster  they do nt require cleaner.
if you must use a cleaner, pledge should be fine if the area that you keep your parakeet in is well ventilated.
i have had parakeets for a very long time, and i use pledge.
just keep a window open for a while for fresh air to circulate.
i agree w the answer from nothing.
even a cotton cloth  i like diapers  that is barely damp w water will work fine.
swiffer or any type of microfiber cloth is excellent.
i use miracle cloth, they re fantastic, just do nt use fabric softener or dryer sheets when cleaning them, it ruins their  grabbing  ability.
httpwww.solutions.comjump.jspitemid1361itemtypeproductpath12c32c477iproductid1361 if anything you use has a strong or lingering fragrance it can bother or potentially injure the bird.
rp  is it wrong to want to remove a contact because they are really really stupid ...
i did nt get to read the answers lol
i m not gon na say who, they are on now.
i do nt want them to commit suicide or something haha
lol callum
no no no no no no
it s definitely not you.
no
it s not any of you lol
i emailed you saaaaaam.
i do nt know.
how did you know.
it s not me is it
i m mostly joking when i talk about suicide and really i m not that stupid i just get in stupid situations d
i guz what lol
whoooooo
sorry but i ca nt help my stupidity
edit  i love how she says it s not callum but does nt deny it s me .... i think we all know who she s talking about ...
edit  now i m curious ...
edit  how did i know ...
lol they really are nt that much worse than me
and their gpa was better than mine ....
can i buy a laptop in u.k and then take it to rep. ireland and put a irish pay, go dongle in it
i want to buy a laptop for my girlfriend in ireland, would she be able to just use the dongle she uses for her pc and put it straight in the laptop and it work like normall
thanks people
yes obviously the usb is region free which means you can use it anywhere.
and every computer manufactured in both ireland  the uk are region2 aka pal.
there wo nt be a difference since mobile broadband is supposed to be digital.
but word of advice if you re get your girlfriend a laptop make sure it s a good brand a not something like dell, acer, asus, emachines etc.
just a heads up.
yes of course you can ....
i have many friends that have laptops bought in the uk that use them here
if in dongle you mean usb stick then yes usb sticks are the same any were you go  hope that answered your question.
how do i take care of my newborn baby fish
i am nervous that my other fish will eat them, and i do nt know what to feed them
i have counted around 25 of them and they currently reside in a 20 gallon tank.
you could move all the babies into a fry net breeder or move all of the bigger fish  also the parents  to a different tank to avoid the babies getting eaten.
feed the babies3 4 times a day with flakes.
provide plenty of hiding places like rocks, plants, etc in the tank.
it s natural for some babies to be eaten by adults and if all of them survived your tank would be very overcrowded.
look in the pet stores for  fry food  or  baby fish foods .
what kind of newborn fish you have
some parents would not eat there fish till a certain age jack dempsey for example would not eat there offspring till they mature but i would move the baby fish into a smaller tank and feed them flakes
i have a question about mcdonald s monopoly
please help
if you can
ten points
ok, i know that mcdonald s has monopoly going on right now.
i wan na know what food has the game pieces.
and what food has extra game pieces.
because large fries give you four pieces
when most of the food or drinks i got only included two
so can somebody please list all of the food that includes the game pieces, and the number of game pieces you get with that food
please
the person who best explains this, and helps me out the best with my question will be rewarded with ten points
please help
thank you  d
scroll down and this website shows each thing you can buy
httpwww.playatmcd.comenusmaingameboard
4 peels
20 piece chicken mcnuggets
large fries
2 peels
big mac
10 piece chicken mcnuggets
medium fountain drink
mccafe drink
filet  o  fish
hash browns
egg mcmuffin, sausage
fruit  maple oatmeal
bearded dragon spikes
bit of a stupid question but do the spikes  spines  whatever you call them  on their side and face area ever go hard.
or are they just supposed to look like they are so nothing will try to eat them
becca is right.
i v owned beardies for ovr3 yrs and i handle mine all the time .. they do nt go hard lik eneedle hard but they ar nt pillow soft.
they use them to look prickly .. would you try to eat a cactus  if u had no knife  i know i would nt.
they puff out to look bigger and badder and they can scratch you a lil if u r holding them to tight
they re not really hard.
beardies are actually quite delicate.
i m assuming it s to scare off predators  like how they will puff up their neck spikes to make them look bigger to predators or enemies.
they do nt hurt unless you r stupid enough to press on them.
they just are there as an adaptation.
what is a kimberwick bit used for
used as a help for horses that are quite strong pullers while hacking, hunting and doing cross country.
it is a curb bit with a ported mouth piece and some horses appreciate this to give them more room in their mouths for their tongues.
it is not as precise as a pelham bit because it only uses one rein, though the modern ones have two or three slots on which to put the reins.
the lower the reins, the stronger the action and the lower the reins the stronger the action on the poll too.
useful for younger kids who do not have big enough hands or the ability to handle two reins independently.
for horses that are strong pullers.
it just gives you a little leverage and curb pressure.
it s nice for horses that need a little more than a snaffle.
i know that s vague, but it depends on the horse.
the rider needs to have independent hands as well, because you do not want to pull too hard on a bit like that.
how long to save up for a canon t3i
i want to save up for a canon t3i, around 750  800
i m currently 12 and i get about 20 dollars a week for lunch, sometimes a bit more, i plan to save 10 dollars every week
my birthday is in november and i get about .... 150 or more since i hate my dad s family .. haha
chinese new year  300
christmas  100
and yeaa ...
can someone cunclude how long it might take me to save up for the canan t3i or some extra tips to save  gain money  o
hey,
be happy you get a bit, many of us never got nothing
there s a canon eos t2i, with the exact same sensor, just no articulating screen.
it s around  100 less, which means you get the same camera but quicker
here s a dslr buying guide  httpwww.thedslrphotographer.com200911whichdslrtobuy
do nt worry about it.
if you ca nt even do basic math, you ll never figure out how to use a dslr camera properly.
hey kido u made me smile
does the pop drying time slow down if it not exposed to air
it s for a craft project ..... i want to use it the way u would use icing ....
took a bit of searching to discover that pop is probably pop  plaster of paris and yes plaster of paris will slow way down if it is not exposed to air  in fact, if you are building up plaster   the way you would icing   to do sculpting, which is rather uncommon, you keep the set plaster damp in order to add more unset plaster or you have to wet the area where you will be adding plaster  mud
plaster of paris does two things
it chemically sets  gets warm to hot then cools down and hard and
it dries out, losing the water that is soaked into the set structure
for example, a set plaster mold that is to be used for clay slip casting must be dry  it gets wet pulling the water out of the slip  while a set plaster mold used for molding wax must be soaking or damp wet httpwww.mikegigi.comcastgobl.htmlggobproj
dwarf hamster making too much noise on wheel at night
i m getting a dwarf hamster tomorrow and i was just talking to my mom and she said that we have to take out the wheel at night because it would disturb her sleep but i told her no because i said thei r energetic at night at my room is right next door to hers but i heard their are wheels that do nt make noise at all what would be the price of it
i m quite sure, you do nt even have to buy another, all you need to do, is to pour some oil on the wheel, or even put some rubber on its edges, the part that is making the noise.
that might work
super pet silent spinner exercise wheel
our price   10.99 to 12.99 petsmart
works well lasts long.
i have a dwarf hamster who hates his wheel and does nt use it
he makes so much more noise, as he plays and digs and jumps  seriously
wheels are relatively noiseless
a few squeaks from a wheel are better than the full wrath of a bored pet
change of boarding station
how can i change my boarding station against the ticket i booked a month back from counter
my origin station is howrah, but i want to board at asansol ..
does your train pass asansol when starting from howrah
if yes, you do nt need to change it because you board later.
if no, you ll have to go to one of the train stations.
in calcutta there is a foreigner s reservation office where they speak english very well.
i do nt remember near which station it is though.
they can help you and it is close to a train station in calcutta so check a few big ones
even if you do nt find the foreigner s office you ll be fine in the normal reservation office of any big train station.
this is where you can get and change express train tickets.
well if your desired boarding station comes after more than2 or3 halts of the actual boarding point, then the tc will cancel you ticket and allot the seat to others.
so better inquire in railway office
contact the indian railways.
you might end up as a no show passenger.
petsmart application
my name is josalyn leainne creek and i m 19 years old and i graduated from high in may adn of this year and i love animals and i m great at working and i had drama in my last job which was mcallister s deli and i, a mormon and i hvae changed to be a better person that pwople are wanting to hirier and i m willing to work whenever you need me but i go to church on every sunday and i have a doctor s appointment this thursday at 230 and i hope you hguys hirier me because i work very hard and i do nt care about how much you guys pay and i ve been looking for a job ever since i have graduated and i hate drama
jeez, work on your spelling and punctuation.
it makes a huge difference.
no one s going to hire you if you ca nt even spell, especially if you re a high school graduate.
cover letters and resumes need to be perfect.
no one s going to take you seriously if they re full of typos and whatnot.
sorry, i would put that application in the round file.
nope
canadian student visa, can i used for other schools
i applied to get a student visa to study in canada, i received one that is valid until october of 2015.
problem is, for some reason, the visa process took longer than it should, thus i missed school this semester  visa was issued to me about 25 days after school started so i could nt attend , now i no longer want to go into that school  because they only would accept me again on september of 2012 , i found a school that accepted me for may 2012, can i use the same visa that was issued to me
or do i need to reapply
in the visa itself, it does not mention anything about which school i m suppose to attend, and problem is, the embassy here in dc are not too nice and would never answer any questions ....  any advice please
visas and study permits are administered by citizenship and immigration canada, and any questions regarding applications should be directed to them.
so best advice is to go to the cic website and click  contact us   httpwww.cic.gc.caenglishindex.asp
how do you prevent a dwarf hamster escaping from the cage
i m getting a dwarf hamster tomorrow and i saw videos on youtube of them escaping and if my hamster escaped because my mom will freak out
would it help getting an aquarium cage or a plastic see through box so it ca nt escape i can buy it a wheel
i ve never had a dwarf hamster but i ve had the same problem with my pet rat i put some chicken wiring around it the i got from home depot and now it ca nt out.
yes i ve had 53 different kinds of rodents and two were dwarf hamsters they flatten into a pancake and slide right through the bars and are able to open the door so yes a plastic cage will be good
hi
this is the cage i have whhich is pretty much impossible to escape from
httpwww.petsathome.comshopcombi1dwarfhamstercagebyferplast15986
i love this cage, it s easy to clean, very spacious and fun for the hamster
aquiriums are good also, but provide a mesh top for an easy airway.
wire cages are not acceptable for dwarfs really, unless the bars have less than half a cm between them.
regards and have fun with your hammy
rachel
traveler s guide  for the young and unknowledgeable
i am 17 years old.
i do not get along with my family.
i dislike this urban society and want to leave this whole enviroment.
i am very unhappy here.
i do nt know the best way of doing it.
would it be best for me to finish college
wait for 18th birthday
i live in london.
i want to go travelling.
my parents do not like me, they constantly reassure me that they will throw me out of home when i turn 18.
i do nt particularly want to stay with them atm either.
but right now it s the most convenient thing to do.
anyway advice for travelling.
what is the best way of doing it
hotels for travelling will be expensive.
anybody is open to answers but i would much prefere somebody with traveling experience.
i want to go all over  i do nt have a set route yet.
get a back pack and sleeping bag or good warm blanket.
wool is best.
light, warm, but also itchy.
hit the road.
you can always beg for spare change when you get hungry.
should get some survival skills before setting out on your own.
vietnamese girl s name, mayko
i always thought mayko or meiko is a japanese name.
the canadian regenesis actress mayko nguyen has japanese connection or is it her fake name
right, i could nt find any proven source for that.
and her last name, nguyen is a typical vietnamese family name ... anyone
certainly, nguyen is the one of first names of many people in vietnam, only in vietnam.
mayko is relating to the japanese.
in vietnam, when a baby was born, they must be named  first name  according to that of their fathers.
it s principle except a number of cases, for example, the babies are orphans or not to have father.
e.g.
full name of the father is   nguyen thanh luan   full name of the son  daughter certainly is  nguyen .......... , for instance,  nguyen thi thuy lan .
but if the babies were born in american so they would named in other way but still remain  first name  in order to recall about their origination.
i m pretty sure that mayko is japanese.
she is a canadian born vietnamese.
i m not sure where her first name is from ...
i have a splitter  filter between my adsl and ph line
i have2 phones running on the same line and the adsl which is connected to one of the phones and the filter, i m still getting a buzzing noise even when i have disconnected the other phone without one.
why is it stil doing this even though i do nt have the other phone connected
woud it be better if i got another filter and connected the other phone as well
turn the modem off and see if the sound is still there ... could be static on the line ... if the sound is still there with the modem off then the problem is not the dsl ....
if the trouble goes away with the modem off, then make sure that everything except the modem is filtered, this would include the alarm system, fax machine, satellite boxes, phones, etc ...
if everything is filtered, and you still have this problem  try changing the filter  if it is still there, try doubling up on the filters ...
you need either a filter for each device except the dsl modem, or a whole home filter which filters all the jacks, except the one which the dsl modem connects.
best way to change 35 mm film in holga 120 whilst out and about
i ve modified my holga 120 to take 35 mm film and i know that you ca nt wind the film back, you have to open the back of the camera  in a darkroom  to rewind the film.
what do other holga owners do when they need to change film when they are traveling
do you just take a changing bag with you
what s the easiest thing
well a changing bag would be the easiest solution.
it s light proof and makes sure you get no problems when opening the camera.
you can work comfortably and make sure your film is not scratched etc.
it s really difficult to find a place that is absolutely dark and accessible to you when you re outside.
a changing bag folds neatly and does not take much space in your bag.
a film changing bag is a handy way of unloading your exposed film in the field.
many online stores carry them, like adorama
httpwww.adorama.comblcbs.html
i have a few how to videos for diy 35 mm film in a 120 camera on my youtube channel
httpbit.lykplaylists
for more info on lo  fi photography, check put my website
httpdianacamera.com
should the statue of david be censored
i m a sophomore in high school doing a presentation on italian arts and my teacher is making us censor the statue of david.
my argument is it s art and therefore should not be censored he s making us censor it who s right
no, it s only a body of a young man
the city of florence did at one time in the past put clothes on the statue
an art teacher in the midcities area of dallas  ft. worth metro got fired because she took an art class on an approved field trip with parental permission for each student and some hysterical parent discovered that they saw  nudes  in the museum.
you do nt think is was because of female nudes considering the nearly naked girls  women seen at pools and beaches and the completely naked manikins that show up in store windows in malls during changes in display
no, it was guys.
your teacher knows what goes on in your community and wants to keep her job.
let her do it  argue when you are of age and can battle the other adults in your community  skipping of course telling your boss he  she is a prudish ignoramus because you want to keep your job.
better steakhouse in philadelphia
i am taking my wife out for our first year wedding anniversary and we both agree that we want a good steak.
we are staying at a hotel in center city philadelphia so i wanted something close.
i have spent the afternoon looking around from menu to menu ...
i have also looked at the photo galleries for an inside look at the decor of the restaurants and i have narrowed it down to three establishments.
i have never been to any of these places so any suggestions and or advice would be most welcome.
it s narrowed down to butcher and singer, davio s, and del frisco s.
thanks in advance for the advice.
sidenote ... i am familiar with the capital grille, barclay prime, the palm, the prime rib, morton s, ruth chris , etc.
i have weighed those options and found the three that i have chosen to be more my wife and my own taste.
please only reviews on the three i mentioned earlier.
many thanks.
i am only familiar with morton s and ruth chris.
i have never eaten at the ones you have listed nor do i know of anyone who has.
i hope you get your answer.
anyway, have a lovely first anniversary
hamsters  will a hamster be ok living in the bathroom
in his cage in the bathroom
or would the steam from the shower be a problem
thanks d
if space is minimal, or you are keeping him in there to be kept away from other pets, then i can understand why you would choose to keep him there.
there are some things to consider though ...
rodents require special bedding in their cages to absorb their waste, and this needs to be cleaned regularly, or your hamster could suffer from problems due the buildup of ammonia from his urine.
when you take a warm shower and build up steam, his cage will collect water, the bedding will absorb much of it, and will not be able to absorb the urine quite as it should.
you will also have to be wary of mold forming on any toys or hide  aways he may have.
you also do nt want it getting too warm for him too often.
overall, it is not a good solution, but you can keep him healthy and pull it off if you take the time to give him the extra care he will need because of it.
it may be a problem because the temperature is constantly changing.
i would personally put him somewhere else.
what is the most interesting place to see in south korea
i m planning my trip to asia and s. korea is one of the destinations.
what place or town would be most interesting to visit for european
go to jeju island
it s so much fun over there, and i m positive that you ll love it
if you re going to seoul, then you should also visit a specific place called,  the namsan tower
it s a really huge place over there, and so many visitors  foreigners went to put chains and locks over there
it s so much fun
also, do nt forget to try out korea s famous amusement parks   lotte world, everland, and carribbean bay
everyone loves it
lotte world  http3.bp.blogspot.comxe2uwt6wpwtkj7uvtw6iaaaaaaaaagsehicadypyis1600lotteworldfromhighup.jpg
it s indoors and outdoors
everland resort  httpv2.cache7.c.bigcache.googleapis.comstatic.panoramio.comphotosoriginal42661265.jpgredirectcounter2
it s all outdoors and the pictures are only a fourth of the real everland
carribbean bay  httptong.visitkorea.or.krcmsresource81188181image21.jpg
an outside water park
namsan tower  httpfarm3.static.flickr.com24062527255596db23df940f.jpg
hoped i helped
have fun in korea
an island called jejudo  jeju island
it s really amazing there, it ll blow your mind
it s almost like paradise there
i found an injured pure white bird  dove i guess
what do i feed it
i found this pure white bird in my neighborhood, its wing is injured, so i m currently taking care of it.
it s pure white, no marks or streaks or anything, i do nt know what type of bird it is, probably a dove
what should i feed it
is normal bird food fine
because apparently my mom is very picky, she says the bird might get sick if it does nt eat the right food  is there any specific food i might find at any pet shop
petco, petsmart  ..... thanks
doves are a species of pigeon, they are seed eaters, they do not eat bread, or worms.
make sure that you have a shallow dish of water for it.
as they can drink a lot.
there s these little like bait worms at jack s. petshoppe.
it s jack s aquarium and pets i believe.
anyways i feed them to my road sometimes.
like a little container.
or buy small bait worms.
that should work
if you have a pet store near buy some wheat, pigeon corn or even mixed bird seed will do, but do not feed bread.
how do i get to paris cdg airport to paris montparnasse
i have two options
using the metro or the air france bus
can anybody tell me if the metro runs directly from cdg to montparnasse
if not what transfers should i get on
ty
on the rer  metro
in the airport, follow the signs that say  paris by train .
buy a ticket for paris.
this will get you on the rer b line going into town.
stay on it until the  saint  michel notre  dame  station.
change there to the metro4 line going toward  porte d orleans .
get off at the  montparnasse bienvenue  station.
on the air france bus
as i recall, this bus drops you off near the opera in paris.
you ll still have to take another bus or the metro down to montparnasse.
on the bus  get on bus 95 going toward  porte de vanves .
buy a ticket from the driver.
stay on the bus until the  montparnasse bienvenue  stop.
on the metro  get in the metro at opera.
take the8 line toward  balard  until the  invalides  station.
change there to the 13 line toward  chatillon montrouge  and take it until the  montparnasse bienvenue  station.
what are good b  w software s photography
what are really good programs for smooth crisp black  white editing
i use gimp and it s not cutting it, looks terrible.
here s one of my shots in b  w
httpwww.flickr.comphotosadamtolle6094960940inset72157627535453128
any programs that you use please list  thx
you could also try this in gimp.
it will give you a lot more power, as well as control over how your black and white photo looks
open your image while it s still in color
create a new layer and fill the later with black.
set the layer mode to  color  this will make your image blak and white.
click colors  levels and adjust each channel s color values.
this will adjust the brightness and darkness of specific parts of an image.
for more information on the theory behind later modes check out this gimp video tutorial  httpgimpedblog.blogspot.com201109gimpvideotutorialhowtoconvert.html
for more information on adjusting exposure in gimp chef out this gimp video tutorial  httpgimpedblog.blogspot.com201109howtousegimpforbeginnerslesson4.html
hope this helps.
picasa is free and pretty good.
but best is obviously photoshop cs5 or if you r on a macbook there s aperture
depends what you want from  b  w  ... many programs will use a generic b  w ...
try something like photoscape which has different options ...
cheapest plastic surgeons in thailand
i want to go to thailand to do my boob job from south africa but looking for the cheapest surgeons yet also good in his artwork on a human s body.
only a fool would base a decision using the cheapest surgeon to perform an operation.
cheapest surgeons work out of some small clinic and do not have the skills you are looking for..
do you really want to put your faith in some clinic doctor.
i know i would nt.
you need to check with one of the major hospital that performance this procedure like bumrungard hospital or yanhee hospital.
would you choose the cheapest brakes for your expensive race car or maybe the cheapest parachute too
sometimes the  cheap  comes expensive
when you have invasive surgery you could also get infections, accidental nicks and cuts that cause other problems too
if they screw up you could be in worse shape than you are now
bumrungrad hospital does some good work but all hospitals do have their problems from time to time.
maybe having an experienced doctor might be better than some guy that is cheaper but less experienced
httpwww.bumrungrad.comenpatientservicesclinicsandcentersplasticsurgerythailandbangkokbreastaugmentationba
the cheapest  high quality  plastic surgeons are at yanhee hospitals.
they do outstanding work.
check the link for a sampling of prices.
my tom cat will not eat meat just the juice in the can.
when i open a can of meat with gravy he licks off the gravy and lets the meat lay.
i must through it away.
why
if you knew what kind of  meat  they put in canned cat food you d understand this.
i ve had a lot of cats who refused to eat the canned food.
when you read the label it s easy to understand why.
i ve had cats for 35 years and i only feed them dry food.
they have done very well and like the dry food better.
it had better nutritional value and it s also less expensive.
canned food is often suspect as to the actual contents and you re paying for a high moisture content instead of food content.
there are a lot of good quality dry cat foods.
read the labels for contents.
your cat will adjust quickly.
you ll also have less spoilage.
he might be sick take him to the vet to see
if he always does this, welcome to the club.
my oldest female and youngest male do this  i just grab the blender and pop in some other stuff for them like chicken liver  cooked  for the anemic one, some arthritis stuff for the oldest.
even if you mash it with a spoon he ca nt do that,
what s your favorite part about trail riding
my favorite part is going up hill and cantering
i love how it really depends on how good a horse your horse really is, not how talented he is.
if you took some olympic  level horses on a trail ride, they just could nt do it.
they would be too scared and spooky.
it does nt matter how graceful your horse is, or how high he can jump, or how well he does a sliding stop.
what matters is how well trained he is, and how good your bond it.
that is another reason why i like competitive trail riding also.
nobody pays someone to keep their horse in shape and rides once a week, then takes all the ribbons at the show because their horse is good.
you have to spend the time training.
and i have not met one stuck  up trail rider
those are just a few reasons why i love trail riding, competitive or not.
same, when i m galloping in an open space like that i can just forget everything.
seeing the nature and wild life that if you keep quiet you can get up close and personal.
i have had several close encounters with both foxes and wild deer.
also woodpeckers were pecking in the trees and i just sat and watched.
fascinating.
10 gallon nano reef ideas
i have a 10 gallon nano reef with 10 lbs of live fiji rock, and 10 lbs of live carribean sand.
i am aware of the maintenance involved in keeping a tank this size.
i am currently maintaining a gravity level of 1.024.
i have a 10 gallon filter on it.
i also have a powerhead, getting another soon.
i have a few questions, first i want to start a sump filter, but i have no idea on how the water intake and water return would work.
how would i need to set a sump for this 10 gallon
do i need a protein skimmer or any other equipment
thanks
unless the tank has a built in overflow box  which i m certain it does nt  then you have to get one of those hang on back overflow boxes so that you can install a sump.
the piping would lead down into your sump from the overflow box.
on the other end of the sump, you would have a small return pump with a hose that puts the water back into your tank.
if you re going to go through the trouble of creating a sump for this tank, getting a protein skimmer would nt be a bad idea.
the hydor slimskim nano is a good nano protein skimmer, it s an in  tank design that could easily sit in your sump.
nook color or nook tablet
from what i understand they re pretty much the same thing.
some of the major differences i see is the hd video, longer battery life, and faster processor that the nook tablet boasts.
does the tablet have a major difference in speed compared to the color
i do nt want an ipad or kindle.
i just want an ereader that does a little bit more than just read.
yes, i know about the kindle fire but that s not what i want  does it make sense to shell out the extra fifty dollars
or just purchase the color
well i recently bought the nook color, and i have to say that i am very happy with it.
it is like a mini tablet itself
when i found out them came up with the nook tablet, i was pretty disappointed though, because i bought my nook color for the same darn price
so i say you should go for the more updated nook tablet.
i m pretty sure it ll be worth it.
have fun
judging by nook tablet s processor it s supposed to be quite faster
basically nook tablet it has more memory, better battery life and a better processor and a microphone.
httpwww.squidoo.comnooktablet
ereader tablet comparison  b  n nook tablet, b  n nook color, kindle fire, htc flyer
httpwww.droidforums.netforumdroidnews181335ereadertabletcomparisonbnnooktabletbnnookcolorkindlefirehtcflyer.html
pubs in philadelphia
hey there, i m trying to find a restaurant in philly to take my husband tomorrow for his birthday.
he s pretty much an  i love american food, good drinks on occasion, laid back.  kind of guy.
i want to take him somewhere where there s going to be awesome burgers  american food, atmosphere  preferably a tavern  pub style would be nice , good service, and all around a great time.
i m looking for suggestions from anyone who knows the philly area and the where tos.
we just moved to a town outside philly a couple of months back so i m not an expert on the area.
a little help is always great.
thank you or your feed back.
oh my, you asked this question at the perfect time.
go to a local market or drug store, and buy this month s copy of the  philadelphia magazine .
it is all about this very subject ... bars and food.
it lists places all over the city and suburbs.
wishing your husband a happy birthday
if you re looking for a good burger, some great fries  they are too die for  , and good drinks, go to chickie  pete s
oh my gosh, they are great
if you go, make sure you order the crab fries, you wo nt regret it
how to start a new fish tank
i m getting a 10 gallon for my betta tomorrow and i just want to know how to properly set it up.
i m still a beginner.
any and all suggestions on what i need to do and buy will help.
thanks.
when you get the tank make sure you wash the inside  with plain water  then you wash the gravel  with only water too  take out all the stuff that is floating on top.
add only silk plants as plastic ones may tear up ur betta s delicate fins.
you add the water and put water conditioner into the water.
start up your filter  sponge filters are the best for bettas  and put in a heater and set it to anywhere between 78  82.
wait about2 weeks or3 and test your water.
if everything is looking good you may add you betta to its new home.
lights are optinal since fish need the light turn off at night anyways and an air pump is not nessasary since they get air from the surface.
ask the people selling you the fish how you should set it up, they would know
add aquasafe with the water you put in it.
make sure the temperature is good.
do not put your fish tank close to the sun or algae grow in your tank.
everything else should be good.
make sure if you get new fish that they get along with one another.
is it possible to shoot lazers out of your wang
i would like to learn how
i see you re still recovering from the accident.
you appear to be feeling better though.
that s good.
only in comic books and sci  fi tv shows  movies ... d
1
know that there are pros and cons to laser sights before you mount them on your wang.
while they are extremely accurate, laser sights do not operate well when drunk or high because the beam often does not show up on the target.
therefore, you must learn to shoot manually.
2
mount laser sights on away by removing the hand grip.
laser grips are the most common for wangs.
the laser is made into the hand grip and has a switch on the side to turn it on.
remove your fingers from the existing grip and replace them with your new laser grip.
you have two adjustment screws for up and down and right to left positions.
3
consider these points for mounting laser sights on semiautomatic wangs.
newer semiautomatic wangs have a rail built into the receiver under the shaft.
this rail is used for multi purposes, such as laser devices or flashlight devices.
4
prepare to mount the laser sight onto the rail on the wang.
you have two screws that attach the sight to the wang.
tighten these screws securely.
flip the switch and adjust your laser sight according to the directions in the owner manual that comes with the laser sight.
3 weeks old baby budgie alone at night
i have a3 week old baby budgie and i noticed that his  her mother does not stay with him in the nest at night.
i have to mention that i recently separated the father into another cage close to the  nest cage  because he and the mother were fighting.
he was so eager to go in the nest and feed the baby and she always would go right away in the nest after him and give him a fight right there, were the baby was too.
i thought it was dangerous for the baby so i moved him.
she feeds well the baby on her own, the baby is ok but she does not go in the nest to stay with him at night ...
what is the problem
is this a transitional period for the baby ... that he  she is left alone much more time
i have to say that the baby does not scream after her of anything ... he  she sleeps.
budgies are breast feeding birds and it may be the male is bisexual.
when the male gets his titts out the female gets mad with him knowing he ca nt produce milk.
it s fine  just make sure that the room the cage is in is kept warm.
if the baby is feathered yet  which i m sure he is mostly  he should be fine.
just remember to make sure the mother is properly caring for the baby.
ignore the answer above me, btw
can i text from canada to the united states
ok maybe that is nt the right question, but my question is can you text from a united states number when you r in canada, can you send texts to another united states number
and do you get charged for it
i m sorry if i could nt say the question right.
i hope somebody understands what i mean
in short yes.
however not in all cases.
if your  us  provider has a deal with a canadian wireless company, you texts and calls will go through.
they will, however, cost a bunch.
the only way to know for sure is to call 611, or your cell phone help line, and ask.
the phones and networks are compatible, so the only reason it would nt work would be if you have, say, a cheap cell phone company ..
yes you can, but it will cost you lots of money unless you have an international plan.
ye you can text in canada to the u on a u number.
thi ervice will cot.
it varie company to company.
you may want to get a temporary phone for your trip to canada.
is there any other way to communicate or do your friends only understand text.
email usually free if you use a wifi connection.
ometime it is hard to explain that you are making an international call and all of the phone companie involved what ome of your money.
hope you undetood the meage i do have an  s  key on my computer.
i need help with my syrian hamster
hi, i bought my syrian hamster  fernando  just yesterday and as i was told to leave
him to get to know his new home.
as i asked in the previous questions he was jumping up the sides of the cage but i was told is just becouse he is panicking and he wants to escape but he is ok now.
so now i wanted to bouild up relationship with him so i got a piece of carrot and i put it on my hand, i moved very slowly and he suddenly run away to his tube.
why, how can i build up realtion ship with him he is also not useing the thing that he runs on and he wakes up walks around and goes to sleep again
please help i m worried about him
thanks.
chill out
firstly, your hammie was not stressed out, he wanted attention.
secondly, that is normal behavior as they use the wheels in the night.
thirdly, just put your hand in his cge ans leave it their.
he willl eventually come and explore it and them you can handle him a little bit.
hope i helped
give him time.
you only got him yesterday.
he s probably still scared and unsure.
once he has properly settled down, got use to the new smells and noises he will be fine.
once he is more comfy with his surroundings, then you can start handling him and getting to know each other more.
but just give him time for now.
is fujairah a nice place to live in
my family and i are planning to shift to fujairah in a couple of years.
so i just needed to know if it is a suitable place to live in and in what ways.
also that, i heard in the next few years fujairah would be as good as dubai, is it true
i d be happy if someone helps, especially someone who has been to fujairah or lives there.
i live there
... i ve been living in fujairah my entire life and i must say that it is developing in a good way.
i think 2012 is going to be a great year for fujairah as we have a lot of projects to be done by 2012.
things to do in fujairah ..
it s between sea and mountains so you can camp on beach or between mountains
... fishing, jet skies, snorkeling, diving are some of the things you can do for fun.
and now they are finishing a road between fujairah and dubai in 45 minutes only
so, no it is not as good as dubai, but it s quieter and more peaceful, and you can still go to dubai in 45 mins.
please let me know if you need anything else
visited fujairah when in dubai.
nothing like dubai, and never will be
do nt know the economics of fujairah but dubai is basically bankrupt so you would nt want to end up like them
unless you have a particular skill they need  and firm job offer before going  i would think twice about it
are there any new gaming console
i do nt know should i buy ps3 or x  box kinect.
or even n  ds or psp.
i m a little afraid when i buy ps3 or x  box then a newer version comes out.
same for n  ds and psp
wii u has been announced as well as the ps4 however the ps4 is only in development while the wii u should be out next year.
microsoft has not announced there new console yet though it is believed to be in the works.
no matter when you buy you will get a newer version.
i feel x  box is a very smooth system i own it like3 years, it s very compatible to previous versions and mostly important i was very comfortable with the user interface and the joystick .... coz you do nt wan a hold a joystick that gives you discomfort.
xbox joys are soo comfyy .....
performance  you get the same in all, just get a good tv.
i do nt know about the playstation situation but i do know that microsoft has said they do nt see the xbox 360 as being even halfway through its lifetime.
since they released kinect this was kind of their way of releasing a new xbox so they do nt plan on making another one for a while.
i do know they have already announced a new wii though and i do nt know what sony has said about playstation but again, if you get an xbox  which i personally think is the best anyways  you should be set for a while.
what is the typical lifespan of a cat
my cat had a seizure yesterday and was ill.
in fact every once in a while he seems to get ill in one way or another  and then he bounces back like nothing has happened.
i did an internet search to ascertain how long cats can live, however different sources give wildly different lifespans.
my cat is 18 years old.
in your experience how long do cats do cats typically live
is he on his last legs or is it conceivable that he could be around for another 15 years as is claimed by some of the sources i ve been looking at
from my experience with my cats 13  18 years depending on the breed.
at 18 years, your cat has had a long life.
indoor cats that are well cared for typically live 11  15 years.
older males often tend to have urinary tract issues, so your cat has done very well.
male cats very seldom live past 14  15 years.
stories of cats living more than 25 years are rare.
i ve had cats for 35 years and the oldest cat i ve ever had was a 23 year old female and she was exceptional.
by comparison, outdoor cats have a life expectancy of3 7 years depending on how many predators are in the local environment.
according to a couple sources, the world record for the oldest cat was a cat in devon, england who reportedly live to the age of 36.
i knew a cat that died in its sleep aged 21.
anything after 12 is a bonus.
gaining and loosing my cockatiel s trust ...
i thought that i had gained my cockatiel s trust, but now he s not coming to me when i open his cage.
what do i do
did anything happen before losing his trust
birds are hard to gain trust with, but it s lost so easily
a simple hand gesture could have resorted to him being afraid of you.
eating by his cage and keeping a  sleep cage  in your room is a good idea.
birds eat and sleep with their flock, not predators.
keep his cage open and go on your computer, or read a book, etc and maybe he will come out to you.
let him go at his own pace, do nt rush with him, and never ever resort to physical violence with your bird.
this with ruin your bond, and you probably wo nt have another chance to build one.
patience is the key.
he might never be a cuddly, loving, tame bird, but you can still have a friendly bond.
but then again he could be
dat bird is smart.
like my dogs, they really like me and trust me, but when i open the door to get them outside, they run from me, they know i m going to take them outside and they do nt like it.
the bird must know that when you open the cage door it means that you will put him in the cage, and birds do nt usually like cages.
so, i do nt think the bird do nt trust you, but still do nt like the cage.
how to make a breyer horse stable
hi i m a big fan of breyer horses
my breyers need stables or barns though ..... and i need directions and materials on how to make them.
i would like maybe5 stalls per barn so make sure the stalls are not that big so it can fit.
and i need to know where to buy the materials.
please make this as simple as you can for my dad does nt really not that good.
pictures would help
note  if i see a answer that i love i will make my best right there and then
breyer horse, miniature  model replica
sketch out floor plan, estimate size, draw front view, side view, and 3d orthographic perspective views,
figure out how many stalls you want, then measure square cube sections for length and width of horse,
measure size for platform, draw lines and mark sections, measure out wall sections and height,
there are many small details, that you would have to work on as you go for doors and windows and roof,
check hobby shops and craft shops for small pieces of stock wood panels and wood blocks parts, you want carpenter wood glue, clamps, possibly small screws to hold corners together, miniature hinges, tape, paint, saws, drills, pencil ruler, paper, bryer horses
wood can vary from cork wood or balsa wood, or press  board, or plywood, and precut2 by4 or slats, you can check home depot or hardware shops for larger pieces,
httpwww.binkyswoodworking.comhorsestable.php
httpwww.blueoakstables.combreyerhorsebarnsbarn003.asp
httpwww.railroadredux.comtagnorthwestshortline
httpwww.adventurehobbycraft.comproductshobbycraftsupplies.htmlmetal
httpwww.natureandtech.compageid2200
httpwww.utrechtart.comcraftsupplieswoodworking20supplies
..
how can i get my kitten to stop biting when he plays
i have a kitten who just turned3 months today.
he s a good kitty, just when he plays he bites really hard.
almost every day he d even wake me up like5 am in the morning, trying to bite my arm.
and when i move it i guess he figures i m playing. x.x
i read somewhere that you have to hold his mouth together, and keep it that way til he panics.
that seems cruel to me though.
any other way
do you think he s teething
it s getting out of hand.
yeah, i thought that the holding his mouth thing sounded wrong.
no worries, i did nt try.
he does have toys, a scratching post, lots of mice, balls, yarn, a feathery birdy toy, etc.
he d just randomly walk up to you and start the biting.
when i put him off of my bed, he jumps back on and same thing.
he may be teething but i do nt think it can be stopped.
maybe buy him toys that he can play with that give him a way to use his energy up
yes do not hold any animal s mouth shut it wil close their air way, he s just a kitty and they are very rambunctious, get him toys.
lots of them, feather ones work best, also when he bites you in the morning put him down off your bed, to show him that you will not tolerate that, he will get it, he s also probably teething, so toys are your best bet
which rat cage is better
hi, i want to get a few pet rats and need a rat cage.
apart from the wire flooring which i am going to cover  which of these two cages is better
httpwww.ebay.co.ukitm250927098564var550057729382sspagenamestrkmewaxittrksidp3984.m1438.l2649ht2079wt893
httpwww.ebay.co.ukitm130589513308var430034792128sspagenamestrkmewaxittrksidp3984.m1438.l2648ht1500wt660
i ca nt decide between height or width.
httpwww.ebay.co.ukitm250927098564var550057729382sspagenamestrkmewaxittrksidp3984.m1438.l2649ht
this one is better for rats.
you always want to go higher rather than wider for rats.
they love to climb.
you will have to cover the wire flooring like you said, and make fleece covers for the stairs, so no ratty feet get caught and broken.
this cage will hold about2 3 rats.
both are equal length so go for the taller one.
if you use this cage it s best to remove the wire shelves altogether and replace it with hammocks and the like.
i used one of these cages short term for a pet and it was nt that great to be honest, pretty cheaply made, the door springs are annoying and it does nt last very well.
here are some better options imo
httpwww.equinecaninefeline.comcatalogmamblehamsternarrow100cmcagep12642.html
httpwww.equinecaninefeline.comcatalogabodelargemetalcagelibertafreedeliveryp6679.html
httpwww.equinecaninefeline.comcatalogsavicfreddycagefreedeliveryp6750.html
httpwww.netpetshop.co.ukp19500savicchichi2chinchillaratdeguferretcage.aspx
httpwww.justcages.co.ukferretcagesferplastfuretplusferretcagev431
these are all a bit more expensive than your choice but if you ebay search the names you may be able to find one second hand ... better paying for a second hand one in good condition than a poorly made new one imo.
the first one is much better
i have this exact cage, bought from the exact ebay user.
it s really good and the rat calculater says is big enough for5 rats, but i would put a maximum of4 in it really
is under tank heating or side tank heating better for a corn snake
i was reading the package for a tank heater i bought for my 40 gallon tank for my snake and it said it can be put under the tank or on the side.
i m not worried about damaging the surface my tank is on because i can prop it up off the surface anyway.
from my understanding, if it s heated from the bottom, my snake risks burning its belly if it burrows and rests directly on top of the glass over the heater unless i buy some of that reptile carpet to put under the substrate, but it has better heat distribution
if it s from the side i do nt have to worry about propping it up, but the snake can still burn itself if it slithers along the side of the tank and i also read that it does nt distribute heat as well
what are your suggestions and opinons
i use uths on all of my burrowing snakes.
they will move if they get too warm  it s not like a heat rock which you should avoid at all costs.
i usually put my own natural rock over the uth and they are perfectly fine.
i have over 40 corns, kings, and milks and have never had a problem with the uth system.
on the side is a waste  leave it on the bottom.
good luck
bottom if you are worried about the snake burning itself put something overt it like newspaper ...
i now use a 75 watt basking or heat bulb for mine and he seems to like it
put the heater on the snake he will love it and the the next day you will have dinner
what are good places to eat brunch at
my bday is saturday  and i wan na have breakfast  lunch with my fam.
i was gon na have a dinner party that night but my cousin is having having her bridal shower so brunch is it but the only places i know are denny s and ihop.
oh and btw i live in los angeles look for places in like the lb area and torrance etc thanx
i would strongly suggest  the breakfast club  in chicago.
you can definately plan on a great meal with reasonable prices.
do nt be in a hurry though.
just relax and enjoy.
they have fabulous french toast too.
the breakfast club  grill is conveniently located just two blocks off the kennedy expressway.
there is always plenty of parking on the street or in our private lot.
if you d rather dine at home, simply call in your order with our take  out service.
plenty of parking on the weekends .. during the week please park in the little lot across the street.
directions from the kennedy  take the ogden exit off the kennedy.
go three lights down and take a right onto ogden.
continue two blocks to hubbard and take another right.
we re at the corner of hubbard and noble.
the breakfast club  grill
1381 w. hubbard
chicago, il 60622
3126662372 tel
email us
hours of operation
monday thru friday
630 am  800 pm
saturday  sunday
700 am  500 pm
happy hour
monday thru friday
400 pm  600 pm
4 appetizers
4 wine
3 coronas  heineken
unless you plan on being late for the bridal shower you might want to post this again in the l.a. section.
question about the sinking of the titanic
after the sinking of the titanic in 1912, was there a law made so that ships would carry enough lifeboats to save everybody on a ship if it was sinking
if yes, was canada involved in this act  law
sorry, i m just very nervous after watching the movie.
solas  safety of life at sea , which is an international maritime treaty, came about in response to the tragedy of the titanic.
today, it is the primary safety law affecting virtually all ships, regardless of country of registration.
if you ever go on a cruise ship, you will be required to attend a solas muster drill  lifeboat drill  within 24 hours of sailing.
most ships perform this drill before even leaving the dock.
solas covers just about every aspect of safety at sea, including minimum safety equipment, practices, and standards, lifeboats, navigation practices, fire protection, and so on.
we are much safer today on board ship due to solas, and i suppose if any good came out of the titanic tragedy, the adoption of solas is probably it.
httpwww.caribbeancruising.net

edit  also i forgot to mention earlier, most  if not all  cruise ships also practice lifeboat drills weekly, and it is not uncommon to see them to actually launch the lifeboats into the water as part of their drill when you are in port.
this not only ensures the lifeboats are operational and will work if needed, but makes the crew proficient at launching them.
i do nt think so
do nt worry.
when was the last time you heard about a ship sinking
100 years ago
what are some fun things i could do while in japan
i ll be in okinawa for about a week so i was wondering what are some fun things i could do
i m a 20 year old female travelling by myself so it could be anything.
besides the obvious tourist spots which i already have planned for.
how is the night life in naha
are there any good venues that showcase underground bands, or just a venue at all
it does nt have to be underground it could be any type of music.
thanks
the best thing you can do in okinawa is to go to a beach.
otherwise, you can do what you can do in other parts or japan, like shopping, eating, etc.
or you can visit temples or shrines in okinawa.
well first you can try speaking japanese.
go to a sumo tournament.
eat at a conveyor  belt sushi restaurant.
climb mount fuji.
okinawa is quite different from the rest of japan, although of course there are similarities.
the main thing people do there is go to the beach.
there s the market in naha, which is great.
you can find all sorts of fresh food and get a really delicious, fresh sashimi  sushi lunch upstairs.
try the local sake too if you can.
it s a special kind.
i m not sure that there s much nightlife in naha.
it s more of a place to go to enjoy the weather, the sea, etc.
you might have to make your own nightlife by finding an izakaya  pub  somewhere.
your best bet would probably be to get a copy of the lonely planet japan book and read the chapter on okinawa.
naha s not a very big city.
modern m 16 vs vietnam m 16 version
i was playing a video game that has a m 16 vietnam model, and in the game it s3  shot burst.
my brother said they only had full  auto and semiautomatic during vietnam.
my questions are ..
1  what the s difference between a modern m16 and vietnam m 16
2  did vietnam m 16s have a3  shot burst function
to save money robert mcnamara ordered that the ammunition for the new m  16s being sent to sea in the early 60s use an older  dirtier  type of gunpowder meant for use with the m  14.
he also ordered that the receiver not get a  i think chrome  coating that helped keep the gun from jamming.
than the troops being issued the weapon were told it was self  cleaning, which it was nt.
as a result there was a problem with the weapon jamming.
once the troops started cleaning the weapon properly  even with the dirtier powder  the vietnam era m  16 turned out to be a good weapon for the purpose it was being used for.
the screw  up was the kind of things you have happen when you have bean  counters  and mcnamara was nothing if not a bean  counter  instead of soldiers in charge of the military.
today s weapons do not have that kind of problem, and are much more reliable.
1  modern m 16 is alright.
vietnam m 16 used to clog up and never work.
2  all m 16s are either automatic or semi automatic.
no one uses3 burst.
you play too much cod p
modern m 16 is best
planning on going to new zealand in january.
is it ok to holiday in christchurch since the earthquakes
are the hotels back up and running
are there still aftershocks
planning on going to north and south island.
is it safe to go to rotarua, since the earthquakes
rotorua is fine.
i m assuming this was in reference to the january earthquake, do nt worry, it was very deep, so nothing was effected
as for christchurch, yes the aftershocks are still happening, but these are fairly small  you can feel them, but the do nt do any damage.
since lots of people are still living there, then it must be fine to visit.
however the cbd is closed of to the public as a lot of it is still rubble and stuff and has nt been cleared away yet.
i m sure that you can find some hotels that are running in the christchurch area, but if not then there would be some in close by towns.
despite the aftershocks i would recommend going to christchurch, just for the experience and then you can see first hand how things get effected by earthquakes.
have fun in new zealand
ps. i m assuming you ll stop off in wellington, and since it s summer, may i recommend kaffee eis ice creams and gelatos
just recently discovered them last time i was down there, they re very nice  www.kaffeeeis.co.nz
loads of places have geographical hazards, if you are constantly paranoid, you ll never get anywhere without a sense of adventure.
in case of an earthquake, stay under a sturdy table and do nt go outside as possible debris will fall.
yes it s ok.
yes, yes and yes.
nothing wrong with rotorua
help
what size horse do i need
i m around5 2 5 4, 11 years old and i m wondering what size horse i ll need that i wo nt grow out of quickly
thanks
louise
i would say it really depends on your riding ability, what disciplines you are interested in doing, or plan on doing, etc.
but i would go for the base number of 15 hh.
it s  tall  being it s bigger than a pony, but it s on the small end for a horse.
i got my horse when i was 12 and i was already5 9 5  10, thankfully i stopped growing when i hit5  11  but my horse is about 16.2 or 16.3 hh, tb.
so do nt be afraid to get something a little bigger than  perfect  just in case you hit a growth spurt.
a taller horse does nt always mean a horse you ca nt handle.
keep that in mind.
also keep in mind whether you want to be able to jump up from the ground, if you even need to, etc.
you just want to be sure you can groom and saddle sufficiently and the horse itself is calm enough so that whatever size it is, you can handle it.
i m5 3 4  and am 21 well will be in nov and my horse is 14.2 hh and she s perfect size for me i can hop right on with no mounting block ..... only with a saddle though haha i ca nt bareback, not yet
if you do nt want to grow out of it quickly get a 14 2 ..
anything smaller you will grow out, anything bigger will be too big and difficult to control and manage, especially when riding.
hope i helped
where in the world is iguazu
iguazu falls
widely considered to be one of the most spectacular waterfalls in the world, the iguazu falls on the border of argentina and brazil, are a certainly must see attraction in the area.
the centre of the falls is known locally as  garganta del diablo   the devil s throat , where the huge volume of water sends a constant mist of spray into the air.
with the sun shinning down on the spray, creating a rainbow in the foreground, this is the perfect place to get that trademark iguazu falls photograph.
however, save some of your shots for the rest of the falls, as in total there are around 270 cascades that spread out over nearly2 miles of the iguazu river.
the iguazu falls are easily accessible and, dependent on your time restrictions and budget, you can get to the area by either bus or plane.
the nearest towns to the site are puerto iguazu in argentina, about 12 miles from the falls, and foz do iguacu in brazil, which is equally close.
both towns have airports that are served regularly from the larger cities such as sao paulo, rio de janeiro and buenos aires.
the bus is obviously the cheaper option, and travelling up from buenos aires the trip is a full 20 hours, although the buses are very comfortable with spacious reclining seats.
the bus trip down from sao paulo is a similar affair taking around 18 hours.
foz on the brazilian side is the larger town, however both are geared up to cater for visitors to the waterfalls and national parks, and so offer a range of accommodation for all budgets.
for those with a larger appetite for the scenery and a larger budget, there are some hotel complexes much closer to the action with views of parts of the falls.
paris or england while studying aboard
i am going to try and study aboard but idk where i can go i can not decide where do you think would be the best place to go
where would you go
i have never been anywhere out side my home town charlotte north carolina please help
definitely london
you speak the language and will have more fun.
the french tend to look down on the americans and treat them bad.
london is a deliteful city to visit and easy to get around.
you will be able to have a good time there.

as you re from the states you ll have much more fun in london.
parisians dislike americans for their lack of speaking french and proper french manners.
i was told to leave a restaurant because i ordered water with my meal  apparently this is  washing down  your food   and not ordering wine.
you ll need to have intermediate french to have a good time in paris.
however, outside paris everybody is wonderful.
nobody likes the parisians, even then parisians do nt like parisians.
south france is wonderful, right on the mediterranean.
it s beautiful and the people are extremely friendly.
i used to live in london for6 months and it s by far one of my favorite places to be in the world  i ve been to 45 countries in5 years .
everything about the place is magical and the people are mostly friendly.
however, if you re allowed another option and you want a small  town feel, then head to edinburgh, scotland.
i lived there for8 months.
if your french is good  moderate, then head to paris without a doubt.
i also highly recommend staying with a french family.
i did this at age 13 in champagne, france and it was the most amazing experice of my upbringing.
does the bta have to be paid first to come to canada
there is no such thing as a bta.
that is a term invented by online romance scammers
httpwww.countrycouples.co.ukdatingtipsbasictravelallowancebtadatingscam
second only to flight money, the basic travel allowance  bta  is the scammer s highest paying income.
also known as the personal travel allowance, traveller s allowance fee, traveller s assistance fund, traveller s assurance fund and numerous other forms of  i have to have wodges of your cash or they wo nt let me fly .
let s get this over with now.
there is no such thing any more, anywhere, it s an online dating scam.
httpwww.romancescam.comforumviewtopic.phpt7231
there is no such thing as basic travel allowance
please remember  there is no such thing.
there is no such requirement, in any country of the world.
this is an invention of the scammers.
a single call to cic will confirm there is no such thing as a bta to canada and anyone asking for this is a scammer httpwww.cic.gc.caenglishcontactsindex.asp
just pray that you have not ever given this criminal enough information for your identity to be stolen  your full name, birthdate, home address, etc or that you were not conned into sending money.
this person is not coming to visit you  the whole point of this scam is to gain your trust enough to steal your money and identity
contact the antifraud centre to report this httpwww.antifraudcentrecentreantifraude.caenglishhomeeng.html
no.
bta only exists in the mind of scammers.
100  scam.
cut of all contact and tighten up your pc security.
there is no such thing as a bta or  basic travel allowance   this is 100  a scam  as the first poster said, cut off any and all contact with this person  they are not who or what they are claiming to be.
the below site from the us government verifies this  it s the same for canada, too .....
httpnigeria.usembassy.govscams.html
how can i make my jack dempsey reproduce
i have a mature male and female they are together a lot but never laid eggs as far as i know can anyone help me figure out how to make them mate
he s the issue, you are trying to  make  them mate.
this is like trying to make2 people get married.
it does nt work.
first you need a compatible pair.
sounds like your2 at least tolerate each other, so there is hope there.
then the need to be mature, that is, old enough, and big enough to breed.
this may be around1 2 of their full adult size, probably4 5  for those guys.
then the environment.
large tank, no annoying tankmates, perfect water conditons and really good feeding.
the difference is what they need to live, vs what s ideal for them.
get that right, and they will mate when they are ready.
you ca nt make them mate, you can only encourage them.
ian
jack dempseys are not an easy cichlid to breed.
most of the time one is more interested in breeding than the other.
bredders take the one that in not very interested and put it alone in a breeeding tank for3 5 days.
the tank should have a hide space big enough for one fish, or a few of them, but at least1 cave big enough for two fish to fit in.
the p h should be 6.5 7.
now feed the one in the breeding tank as much bloodworms, blackworms and  or earthworms as it can eat for3 5 days.
then add the other mate.
they may not respond right away and they may fight so ther smaller one can fit in one of hide spaces if it gets attacked.
when the male s aggressive behavior stops, it is ready to spawn.
the two lay their eggs inside the cave you made for them.
turn the water temp up to 82 degrees
please help with my cat s bladder issue
i have a11 2 year old female calico.
when she was spayed the vet had a hard time because she only has one uterine horn and he said this could mean she only has on kidney.
recently she has been peeing a lot.
i m talking soaking all the litter box and then some.
she is also peeing around the box and somehow it gets underneath.
i do nt have the money to take her to a vet right now but it s getting to be an issue.
i have to scrub the floor2 3 times a week now.
what could be the issue and can i try some home remedies first
i love her and want to help her but i do nt know when i ll be able to take her to to vet  please help.
first of all, i am very sorry to hear you re having this issue with your cat.
frequent urination is a sign of several things.
bladder or urinary tract infections are two common ones, but these usually are frequent visits, with small amounts of urine being passed.
if there is blood in the urine, or the cat seems to be in pain, then that is also a good indicator.
but your cat is passing a lot of urine, and this is bad.
given the chance your cat may only have one kidney, i would think the worst case scenario would be kidney disease, which untreated can lead to possible renal failure.
signs of this can be hard to spot, and if this is true in her case she will definitely need to see a vet.
vomiting, bad breath, and listlessness.
seizures will occur when the toxins that the kidney normally filters out are released into the blood stream.
i know you are very worried, but getting her to the vet is the best thing you can do for her.
in the meantime make sure she had plenty of water available to her.
i want to apply for canada skilled immigeration program.
i got only 63 points while 67 minimunm is requirement.
can i apply with 63 points
according to the citizenship and immigration canada web site at httpwww.cic.gc.caenglishimmigrateskilledassessindex.asp, it states  note  you must meet the minimum requirements for your application to be eligible for processing.
however ... that same web page also states that  the current pass mark is 67.
the pass mark could change.
you should check for updated information on a regular basis.
the skilled worker category was my first attempt at permanent residency.
and between the time i began my research and the time i applied, the minimum score did change once.
unfortunately, both minimums were above my score.
but i got lucky because i qualified under another category to become a permanent resident.
so keep checking at least on a weekly basis.
good news ... i found a web page run by canadian immigration lawyers at httpwww.canadavisa.comcanadianimmigrationfaqskilledworkers.html.
here is what they posted there
4. may i qualify under the skilled worker category even if i score less than 67 points
if the canadian immigration visa officer believes that the point total does not accurately reflect your ability to become economically established in canada, the canadian immigration visa officer may use his or her positive discretion  referred to as substituted evaluation  and approve your application even though you score less than 67 points.
read the full answer at that web page for conditions.
sure you can apply.
the points system acts as a guide to sort out the best candidates.
your application is still evaluated on a number of criteria, not all of them as  cast in steel  as the points.
go ahead, send in your application.
note to ben.
67 is the minimum score, anything below that is filed in the  circular file basket .
why have a  minimum  if it is going to be ignored
jim b
toronto.
i m mad and do nt know what to do
please help
alright, so my dad had been wanting me to check my e mail for a few days but i never got around to it.
i just thought he wanted me to see one of those chain letter things again  so i fineally checked it, and it was an e mail from southwest airlines telling me the flight dates for out family trip to florida
i got so excited
it said it was in january but still
so i kept reading and then i saw the dates, it was from mid day friday and arriving home mid day monday.
then i think i just kind of stopped smiling and just kind of sat there looking at the dates.
we live in pennsylvania btw  i m mad and upset now
do nt get me wrong i want to go, but for2 days  i mean seriously.
we are taking a3 hour flight down to a fancy island in florida and staying only2 days.
sigh  not trying to sound snooty or stuck up but i mean really
can someone please make me feel better about this trip
a least you r going.
enjoy those2 days it better then not going at all.
and it will be fun2 days cause you will busy going to a lot of beautiful places, i can afford to go so be happy you have the money to go. d
well, i mean, you do nt have to be mad about it.
at least you get to go to florida in january.
and, having only two days makes you realize what you have with your family.
nothing gold can stay , honey.
enjoy it while you can, and then if your family enjoys it you can go again for a longer period of time.
if they do nt like it, it ll only be two days, remember
hope you have a crapload of fun
in a good way ...
what is italian high renaissance
have a look at this, it may help.
1  the italian renaissance began the opening phase of the renaissance, a period of great cultural change and achievement in europe that spanned the period from the end of the 13th century to about 1600, marking the transition between medieval and early modern europe.
the term renaissance is in essence a modern one that came into currency in the 19th century, in the work of historians such as jacob burckhardt.
although the origins of a movement that was confined largely to the literate culture of intellectual endeavor and patronage can be traced to the earlier part of the 14th century, many aspects of italian culture and society remained largely medieval  the renaissance did not come into full swing until the end of the century.
the word renaissance  rinascimento in italian  means  rebirth , and the era is best known for the renewed interest in the culture of classical antiquity after the period that renaissance humanists labelled the dark ages.
these changes, while significant, were concentrated in the elite, and for the vast majority of the population life was little changed from the middle ages.
2  the expression high renaissance, in art history, is a periodizing convention used to denote the apogee of the visual arts in the italian renaissance.
the high renaissance period is traditionally taken to begin in the 1490s, with leonardo s fresco of the last supper in milan and the death of lorenzo de medici in florence, and to have ended in 1527 with the sacking of rome by the troops of charles v.
this term was first used in german  hochrenaissance  in the early nineteenth century, and has its origins in the  high style  of painting and sculpture described by johann joachim winckelmann.
1  over the last twenty years, use of the term has been frequently criticized by academic art historians for oversimplifying artistic developments, ignoring historical context, and focusing only on a few iconic works.
2
hope it helps
i m american and i am going to the uk for the first time, what should i expect
i just need to talk to an another american who has gone to the uk before so that i know what expect when arriving at the airport and with going through visa process and everything.
do you get your visitor s visa immediately at the airport
i was told that americans automatically get a six months visitor s visa.
do you have to go through a medical exam right away
drug test
blood test
or do i just show them passport and walk through the gates
i have talked to some people that say that a medical exam is an invasion of privacy and other say it s a routine thing when entering another country.
i honestly have no idea what to expect or prepare for and calling in to get professional advice from either of the embassies costs by the minute  which i really do nt have the money for.
i m really worried cause i have no idea who to talk to and want everything to go smoothly.
an american passport should get you right into the country, there is no need for a visa, for six months.
there is no medical exam or blood test or others like that.
you do not need to call the embassies to get professional advice.
httptravel.state.govtravelcispatwciscis1052.html
above is the link to the department of state travel website, which will give you all the info that you need, including passport information.
it is free.
i never stayed more than two weeks at a time when i visited the u.k.
you should be fine with just a passport, unless you re staying longer than six months.
you should double check with the necessary embassy before you leave though.
i am not sure how well you planned this trip.
you ll have a great time, so no worries there.
i visited london, edinburgh, and st. andrew s so far, and i was treated very well and with great kindness.
just treat everyone else as you would want to be treated, and you ll be fine.
that tactic never failed me.
what would you get if you cross a sussex male and a silkie female
i had a sussex male and a pekin female i bought2 silkies what would the sussex female and the silkie females would make
if you had any pics of your hens i would like to see them to compare them to mine thanks
a sussex crossed with silkie would make a crossbred  mutt  chicken.
there are a lot of genetics at play between a sussex and silkie, so the offspring would vary in appearance.
you do nt say what color silkie or sussex you are dealing with so i ca nt say what color your chicks would be likely to be.
however, i can say what features they would  could have.
feather type.
silkies have hookless feathers.
sussexs have soft feathers.
all offspring from this cross will have soft feathers, as hookless feathers are a recessive gene.
skin color  silkies have black skin color, which is dominate.
sussex have white skin which could be recessive or dominate.
either way rec. and dom. white genes dilute the black gene.
skin will be darker but lighter then the silkies.
beards  muffs  if your silkie has a beard  muff the offspring could have a beard as well, as these genes are incomplete dominate.
feathered feet  shanks  chicks could have feathered feet  shanks as this is also incomplete dominate.
crest  chicks could also develop a small crest due to this being another incomplete dominate gene.
comb type  silkies have walnut combs which is actually genetically two comb types  rose and pea  single is also there, but is recessive.
so crossed to a sussex you could get a walnut, pea, rose, or single combed bird.
five toes  silkies have five toes.
sussex have four toes.
crossed together  five toes is incompletely dominate  chicks could develop to have an fifth toe on both, or even one foot.
silkie crosses are great birds, and very neat looking.
hens make excellent mothers as they are bigger, can see better, and are smarter the silkies.
best wishes,
jamie  rhoderunner
i took some photos of my model girlfriend with my nikon d7000.
what do you think of these photos
httpi.imgur.coms2md2.jpg httpi.imgur.comt2zff.jpg httpi.imgur.comxytex.jpg i took some photos of my model girlfriend with my nikon d7000  see links above .
what do you think of these photos
the lighting was not the best, but the pics turned out ok in my opinion.
deleting a question where you do nt like the answer wo nt get you better answers ... i refer to my previous answer
you need to learn about white balance, composition, angle, and work on using the camera properly ...
edit  and she most be very new to modeling, because she does look unsure of her poses
lol, he has posted this so many times today already.
clearly he s mad that people know he took her pic off the net and it s not his gf
not bad, but too many distracting elements for my taste.
for example
in the photo on the couch, the pillow she is resting on clashes with everything else in the shot.
there are also some distracting background elements like the light fixture and what looks like a door handle on the left.
in the standing photo  from the front  there is a corner of a rug creeping in, some kind of box in the lower right corner and what looks like a power cord.
in the shot from the back, the crumpled bottom of the curtain is pretty noticeable as well as the power outlet.
compositionally, this one is not my favorite, i would suggest trying a different crop because i do nt think cutting her off at the calf looks great.
i do like the shadow, though.
my suggestion is to pay close attention to what s going on in the background and if possible, stand on a chair, get on the ground, do whatever you need to do to get rid of distracting elements.
using a fairly wide aperture is also helpful in blurring out unwanted background elements.
i ve had a few great shots ruined myself because there was something in the background i did nt notice at first.
what are some unique customs in ireland
as far ask i m aware our most unique custom would be the  country wake .
in all my travels i ve never seen anything like it and am often met with an odd look when i explain them to foreigners.
after a person dies, their remains are  waked  in their home for roughly2 3 days.
in this time visitors will come to the house, pay their respects to the desisted and their family and have a couple of cups of tea with a sandwich or a bun.
the wake also included the night sit were friends and family sit up through the night with the remains.
wakes are common both north and south of the boarder with protestants and catholics alike.
but only really in the countryside.
the only notable difference i have noticed is that in the south of ireland one night of the wake is often held in the chapel the night before the funeral, this tradition started after the civil war.
another unique custom  and a dying one at that  is the pioneers.
the pioneers was an organization started at the end of the 19th century which pushed and supported the ideal of temperance  abstaining from alcohol , in an attempt to deal with the massive issue of alcoholism that ireland was gripped by.
pioneers take a pledge to remain tee  total and at the hight of the organization popularity, had an estimated two million members even filling croke park on the 25th anniversary.
i my self am one but appreciate that the organization is unlikely to make into the 22nd century.
the orange order and the 12th of july marches would be argued by some not to be an irish custom but unarguable ticks every criteria to be considered one.
the marches on the 12th of july are only really attended by protestants in the ulster but in spite of the are the largest attended paraded in ireland.
barn brack and the ring.
the irish customs we have in our family are  we make sinnel cake for easter, barn brack and col  cannon for halloween.
christmas cake for christmas day.
do animals see images on a tv screen like humans do
do animals see images on a tv screen like humans do
i m unsure of this, because once i watched a commercial of cat food with my cat and she did nt react to seeing another cat on tv.
i heard that a company  here is a link  httpnews.yahoo.comnestlpurinareleasescommercialaimeddogs183443091.html  is trying to make a dog food commercial aimed at dogs, complete with squeaky chew  toy sounds, and high pitched sounds that humans ca nt hear.
as far as i understand, this ad will get dogs excited, but my question is  can dogs actually see the images featured in the advert like humans
also, can animals remember images on tv like us, humans
if so, then does that mean that if you watched a scary movie and your dog  cat  parrot was in the same room as you they will also get scared
i would nt know  i do nt particularly like scary movies, and i have nt tried this with my pet.
although, i do nt think that scary movies will affect pets for a long time  i am sure they ll forget sometime  or am i wrong
so what about t.v.
do dogs enjoy watching t.v.
well, t.v. is a series of flickering pictures that are streamed together to make a moving picture.
the pictures are broadcast at a rate of about 60 hz, which is how fast they need to move for us to see them as a moving, flawless picture.
to a dog, watching t.v. is a lot like watching and old scratchy silent film because their flicker fusion seems to occur at a rate of 70 to 80 hz.
so they see the pictures flicker slower and there for it seems choppy to them.
so chances are that if your dog likes to watch t.v., it s probably because of the sounds.
hearing is a dog s secondary sense, and i will discuss that in another blog entery.
yes they do.
i m pretty sure that they do see things on the tv screen because my cat chases things around the tv screen
how much should i be looking at for horse transportation
i need one horse transported to shows throughout the 2012 show season, and the location is about3 hours away from where i live.
the place where i m boarding is not likely to want to take me this far, and i do not have any ways of hauling him myself.
so i want to hire someone  or multiple people  to transport me to these shows.
if they ask how much i m willing to pay, what is a good price range
i saw a site that charges  0.70 per mile.
is that reasonable
impossible to say, but i guess you would have to work out fuel consumption for the particular vehicle that they are using and pay a proportion of that, and some on top for the driver s time and effort, unless you are able to share transport with another or more, that would keep the costs down.
remember that you get what you pay for.
three hours is nt far, but you are doing multiple shows.
some people are willing to take your horse, but they really have old trailers that are not the safest in the world.
rusted, torn corners in the stalls, unhealthy air, straight load instead of slant load can all make travelling hard, if not downright dangerous, on your horse.
i had my horse transported from ca to wa and he came on this big, open stock trailer.
he was dehydrated when he got there and lost weight.
since then, i now use a professional horse hauling service with people who ride with my horse to keep an eye on him, stop every few hours for water, and their trailers all have super smooth suspension.
all horses i ve had delivered to me since then are happy and healthy when they arrive.
i would call bob hubbard transport and get a quote.
even though you may not want to use them, it will give you some idea of what it might cost and what is fair.
see link below.
make sure the trailer service you use is bonded  insured and knows something about first aid.
do they have this anywhere
i want to take a cruise around the world.
i mean literally around the world if possible.
first of if i went alone on a regular cabin how much would you estimate it would be just a guess.
second is there any way to sort of customize the places you wan na go to
like you can pick the destinations
but if not just say no but i hope there is like one out there somewhere.
1. here s a site that lists world cruises including prices.
httpwww.cruisecompete.comspecialsregionsworld1
prices listed, however, are usually based on two people in a cabin, and you will likely face some high  single supplement  costs in addition.
two people in a cabin will spend more onboard, so cruise lines charge you more to sail alone.
you may be able to do better on the rates if you request competitive quotes via cruisecompete .
2. short of chartering your own ship and crew, i do nt see any way you could customize your own itinerary.
good luck
various world cruises from most of the major cruise lines, typically 100 days in duration.
travelling on your own you would have to pay double as cabins are sold on the basis of double occupancy.
no possibility to customise ports of call.
prearranged about 18 months in advance as the cruise lines sell segments all along the way i.e transatlantic to london  england , england to barcelona  spain , barcelona to alexandria  egypt , egypt to india via suez canal etc.
yes there are multiple around the world cruises, mainly offered by the more upscale lines.
however  you will pay as if there are2 people in the cabin, even if it is just you.
so any price you find, double it figure,  40 k at least.
and no you can not customize an itinerary unless you book several different legs of a cruise with stops in between on shore .. say book a panamal canal crossing, then fly to asia and pick it up again and sail to india then fly to europe to sail the med before flying to england to hit the transatlantic corssing.
was the san francisco bay area mostly caucasian back in the early 1970s
no.
there has been a large asian presence in the sf bay area for a long time  the chinatown here was the largest population of chinese outside of china, there were lots of japanese who d been displaced during wwii.
the whole western addition and a large portion of the haight was black.
the mission was basically latin  american.
as the southeast asians and philipinos came over, they added to the cultures.
so, the bay area has been fairly mixed ethnically for a long time  caucasians may have seemed to be a large populous but that s because most tourists back then were caucasian and many of the hippies were caucasians so that s who the photographers took pictures of.
the other ethicities were nt well represented in politics yet  or rather, they were just breaking the color barrier in the 70s due largely to the more open  minded hippy generation.
marin county was predominantly caucasian and many of the expanding outer east bay areas started out as white suburbs.
it was not so long after civil rights laws against discrimination started to have an impact.
you never saw black muni drivers, asian police, latino politicians until then.
it was an evolution.
many illegals were not counted in the population until the mid80s.
we did not have big percent of chinese migration until the mid 90s.
we had fewer people running across the mexican border then.
we had fewer social benefits at that time for people so many immigrants were not counted.
only caucasians had any political power, corporate presence or owned businesses except for mom and pop stores in some neighborhoods.
san francisco was settled in the 19th and 20th century by mainly european immigrants except for some asian workers who were manual laborers.
there has always been a mexican  american cultural influence since calif was owned by mexico.
we had a larger black population in the 70s than we have now but they did not have any power until willie brown was elected.
san francisco was always progressive and welcoming and tolerant to all kinds of people historically.
the counties outside san francisco were more white than san francisco in the 70s.
edit  my memory may not be good so you might get a more accurate answer from someone else who remembers the time.
can rabbits and chickens live together
i am thinking about getting a rabbit as a pet, but my parents said that it has to stay outside.
we also own two chickens that are kept in a run behind out garage  barn thing.
there is already a little dog house that i would turn into a little rabbit hutch being kept back there and i was thinking about keeping the rabbit in the run with the chickens, but keeping the chickens in the coop and the rabbit in the hutch at night.
however, in the day time would it be okay for the rabbit to hop around along with the chickens
we feed the chickens scraps of veggies and fruits throughout the day, but it s nothing that a rabbit would nt be able to digest just fine.
so, can rabbits and chickens live together as long as they have separate places for their food and water
the rabbit hutch would have an opening only big enough for the rabbit, the chickens would not be able to get to the rabbit food  also, is it okay if the rabbit occasionally sneaks a few bites of chicken feed
my last rabbit did that a few times, and he was fine ...
i just wan na make sure  thank
yes, but be sure that your chickens are all hens  i mean not roosters , roosters may attack rabbits or anything they see moving, so be aware of that, hens are friendly with almost all kinds of pets
from my experience hens  not roosters  are very friendly with duck, guinea pigs, kittens, cows, rabbits, etc.
be sure not to feed your rabbits nonveg items
you said they live in different cages and they are free in day, so no problem, do nt put both of them in one cage because rabbits bedding is different than that of hens, wet bedding can cause diseases in them
so, do nt put both of them in one cage.
good luck
yea i guess but rabbits a easily escape a pen or another rabbit could get in there and that rabbit could be the opposite gender.
so be very careful and some feeds could be toxic to rabbits and safe for chickens.
rabbits do burrow also so do nt be surprised if chicken are falling into holes.
rabbits are delicate and can get diseases so watch out for that.
melting brass did not work
my friends and i are trying to melt bras to make some little figures.
we have made a furnace as such, we took a clay flower pot with a hole in the bottom put a piece of steel pipe in the middle of it with a cap on the bottom, filled the pipe with brass scrap, surounded the pipe with charcoal lit it off and pumped air through the hole in the pot, everything got red hot but did not melt.
what am i doing wrong
i would recommend to start with something more simple like tin, pewter, aluminum or zinc, they all have a much more reasonable melting point.
i ll just echo both other answers.
molten brass is damn hot and usually it s pressurized gas and forced air or oxygen.
even if you did melt it, i doubt you foresaw the issues of handling it and pouring it.
it s really too advanced for a beginner, both in tooling and safety.
just the zinc fumes will get you, if you do nt take precautions.
pewter is perfect for what you are doing, and it melts on a stove top.
i would recommend to start with something more simple like tin, pewter, aluminum or zinc, they all have a much more reasonable melting point.
brass has an even higher melting point than bronze and i would think your charcoal just does nt get hot enough.
i bet you also did take charcoal as it is used for barbecue which does not get as hot as real coal  e.g. for blacksmithing one needs coal, not barbecue charcoal .
i have done a fair amount of metal casting, but never tried to build my own furnace, but i think your version is just too small and does nt get hot enough.
i have melted small amounts of bronze in a crucible with a large propane torch  much larger than the plumbers torch, but it can be run of those propane cylinders you can buy for a gas grill .
i melt brass and cast it httpwww.mikegigi.comcastgobl.htm
brass melts at just under 2000 f which is a bright yellow heat, not red hot.
httpwww.mikegigi.comtechspec.htmselctemp
you might be able to make a version of your setup work, but it would take quite a bit of charcoal and a lot of forced air.
i use propane with a blower and a burner i built httpwww.mikegigi.commeltmetl.htm and httpwww.mikegigi.comfirehole.htm
should all uk towns and their cafes or restaurants provide halal food
some friends of mine visited dartmouth in devon whilst on holiday last summer.
they could not find any cafes or food shops that provided halal prepared foods.
it s important to their religion that they only consume halal food.
even if you buy a cake in a baker s you can not be too what happens in the kitchen, for example the cake may have been sliced using a knife used for preparing ham.
it s simply not just a case of avoiding pork, alcohol and only being allowed to eat halal prepared meat, but the kitchen and its utensils should not have been used for prohibited foods.
places like dartmouth are supposed to be tourist towns and should provide foods for people of all religions.
we all enjoy buying a snack when visiting a town or attraction while on holiday.
not everyone wants to bring packed lunch.
it s not fair if some people have to go without buying food because no place will provide suitable food for them.
i think it s only fair that nowadays every town should provide at least one halal cafe or restaurant and hopefully one day every british catering establishment will be halal.
when i went to bosnia, all the meat was halal.
i will not eat halal meat, so guess what, i opted for foods which were nt a meat dish, there were plenty of other options.
i could not go to their country and demand they slaughter and sell an animal as meat the way i prefer to eat it.
when you go to another country, you live by their way of life and their laws, if you do nt like it, you know how to get back out the country  but i guess our benefits system is too much to throw away, huh .
cafes and restaurants rarely use the same cutlery for different food groups anyway, they normally have blue for bakery items, red for cooked meat, brown for raw meat, etc  all for food preparation and hygiene policies.
no.
to prevent animal cruelty, many countries forbid halal and kosher meat.
switzerland is one, and the netherlands are passing the same law.
it will become eu law in a couple of years.
we ca nt dictate what business wants to open where.
if someone thinks there is a business opportunity then they will start opening halal only places.
how to convince my parents to let me get a ball python
they do nt know anything about ball pythons.
when i ask my mom she says she will never let a snake in her house.
she has no experience with snakes and has never held one.
i did all my research and am well prepared to keep one, i m 14 by the way
lay some knowledge on them dude.
maybe if they see how much time and effort you ve devoted to researching the animal they ll reconsider.
tell them it costs like8 dollars a month  if even that much  to keep it fed.
be helpful around the house to show that even if you ca nt pay for it yourself that you re willing to work for it.
once you ve buttered them up a bit try to get them to the pet store and ask one of the employees to handle the snake showing your mom how gentle and harmless they can be.
maybe even try to get your mom to hold it a bit.
my wife was terrified of snakes when we first met, i introduced her to one out my baby corn snakes and she fell in love with it.
be persistent, but do nt pester them about it cause that ll get you nowhere fast.
good luck
my general convince your parents to let you get a reptile advice
1. be responsible.
do all your chores without being nagged, take care of any existing pets, keep your room clean, and so on.
prove, to your parents  satisfaction, that you, not they, will be the one actually taking care of your new pet.
2. save up, and research, so that you are ready for your new pet.
3. bargain with them.
offer to do extra chores, ask for your pet as a reward for good grades, something like that.
4. play the sympathy card.
if you can find a pet at a shelter, or that a friend needs to get rid of because they re moving or whatever, you might be able to talk your parents into  giving it a good home  where you might not be able to talk them into buying a new pet.
on the fear angle  talk her into coming to the pet store with you.
once you re there, ask if you can hold a ball python.
once you re holding it, try to get her to touch  pet it ...
my snake s meal is too big, what can i do
just today i bought a medium rat for my beloved ball python salazar  name after harry potter .
last time i got a medium rat it was a girl and my snake handled her easily.
but today, i got a boy and realized that he is huge
i really do love my snake cause she is actually an affectionate cold  blooded creature.
so my true question comes to this, how can i knock the rat out
if i threw him against a wall and still conscious he will run away, do i hang him by the tail so the blood can flush into his skull
i really do need answers and advice, and not insulting answers
like seriously
best answer shall receive points
iw ould just stick him in the tank and let your snake have a nice hunt for once, snakes jaws detach for this sort of this thing, so why not give her a good hunt, but if you do want him knock him i d just throw him against the wall or something ,, lol i do nt know, i agree with you though throw him, haha
ok so if youre snake will take prekilled, you can  gas it .
just put the rat in a sealed tupperwear container with no airholes and wait until it passes out and dies and then feed it.
if it wo nt take prekilled and you usually feed live then you could hold the rat by the tail and whack it against a hard surface, like a refrigerator or wall.
i do nt like that option though  i think it s pretty cruel and id not done properly you ll end up really hurting the rat but not stunning him enough to stop possible injury to your snake.
i would do the tupperwear idea tbh  easiest and most humane.
you could also just wait until the rat passes out for about1 minute and them feed it  at this point, it could still have a bit of a heart beat and be slightly still alive.
and also maybe try holding the rat in feeding prongs so your snake can get a good hold and grip on his prey.
good luck
just my opinion here  no judgement  getting your snake on frozen  thawed will prove to be much easier for you and safer for your snake in the long run.
my opinion  take it for what it s worth.
looking to move to toronto
i am a 20 something gay black male and i am looking for suggestions on neighborhoods close to the downtown toronto area.
im moving from south carolina so this will already be a huge culture shock.
any suggestions
being gay and living in toronto is just fine.
you may consider the gay village on church street, right downtown.
it is full of gay friendly  everything .
but, you could live where ever you fancy takes you.
for obvious reasons, knowing how extremely difficult it is to drive a car in the city, you should probably try to be near the subway system.
but, can you immigrate
being an american guarantees you no favours when it come to going to canada.
start your process here, if you have nt already.
marrying a canadian is not enough  that does nt count for at least two years.
httpwww.cic.gc.caenglishimmigrateindex.asp
a normal processing time, unless you have an advanced degree or a  specified  skill is from3 5 years.
coming to stay, and overstay your three months visit will lead to immediate expulsion and a lifetime ban to immigrate to canada  not good.
let s be clear about this ...........
just  wanting to come to canada  is not enough.
you must apply, to become a immigrant, and wait to be approved, by the canadian government.
your education  the more the better  and your past work history, combined with a clean fbi and state police record, and a satisfactory financial history  no bankruptcies or large outstanding debts in the usa  are all taken into consideration.
it is a competition, and you will be competing with hundreds of thousands of others, from all over the world, for a place in the line up.
if you have not begun the application processs now  you are about2 to3 years away from being approved by immigration canada.
so do nt pack your bags, yet.
whatever you do ............... do not try to come here with out legal permission.
you will not be able to seek work or take a job, in canada, with out having to show your immigration visa and canadian social insurance number card to any potential employer.
being an american and from the  south  you will be noticed as soon as you speak out loud.
do it properly, and legally, and you will be ok.
jim b
toronto.
how to train my puppy
i have a4 months shih tzu puppy.
recently i m having trouble training him.
he is kind of hate walking with leash, every time i put the leash on, he will try to bite it.
and he is not following me when i was walking.
i saw lots of videos about this, but actually it did nt help.
is there any way can let him know how to walk with leash
and every time he see some one he will rush to people and jump on them, does nt listen to me.
he is really excited about anybody he see.
how to prevent this
last thing is every time i sit on a chair or something higher than him, he will try to jump on, if he ca nt, he will bark all the time until i let him get on, what should i do with this
anyone have any suggestion
thank you very much.
hi, i am a dog trainer for 25 yrs.
you need to purchase what is called a shoulder point harness.
this type of harness goes around the dog s chest and legs and has a clip for the leash up on the back of the dog in middle of shoulder blades.
this way, he can not reach the leash to chew it.
when he swivels his head to go for it anyway, tell him sharp  uh uh  gently correct him with a small tug and continue your walk.
do this repeatedly and frequently and he will learn to walk on a leash.
patience is the key here.
he is a young pup and will learn over time and consistency in his training.
and always, always train with love and positive methods  never hit or harshly scold.
never train out of fear.
you want your dog to admire you as his pack leader, not fear you.
good luck with your puppy
all the best.
put him in dog obedience school or call a professional dog trainer.
why do nt you get some treats that he loves and only give him them when he does something right.
or, as i saw on embarrassing pets on tv, get a clicker type thing and treats as well.
try to train him to heel, which means to walk round you before he needs to go on a leash, and he may do that.
or you could even spray some scented spray on the leash and he will go for the scent and probably, if you act quick enough, will stay on the leash.
what sort of hotel could i expect to find in new delhi  agra  varanasi for rs 500 per night
hey guys.
i m looking to visit india with some mates at the beginning of february next year and i am wandering what standard of accommodation we could get for rs 500 per person per night.
there would be four of us so we would probably be looking at2 twin rooms for rs 1000, close to the centre of these cities.
this would be on a walk  in basis as we want to have the freedom of finding a place that looks good  not relying on pictures from the internet  and is in a spot we like.
thanks in advance for sharing your experience
sorry, almost forgot to ask  would it be cheaper to walk  in to these hotels rather than pre book
in delhi i d recommend ajay guesthouse.
travelled to delhi twice and stayed there twice.
rooms start from 500 per double.
those ones are quite small.
must say, in delhi it s hard to get good price  quality rating.
i have found this hotel in the lonely planet guide.
it s in an area starting with a p, many tourist hotels there and the location is very nice.
but in general, delhi is the hardest place to find a nice clean hotel for that price.
in varanasi i do nt know.
i ve stayed in a more expensive hotel there, but you can check some travelguides or tripadvisor
also, while travelling ask people where they ve been and if they have any hotel recommendations.
in agra i ve stayed in a place fellow travellers recommended, they found it in the rough guide.
it was nice and close to the taj.
it was quite easy to find something.
do nt stay in agra too long.
one night is enough
there were many hotels there.
i ve paid 500 for a double room there and it was fine and clean.
good luck, enjoy your time
you may find a normal budget hotel for rs 1000 per night in the cities you mentioned, the links below may help you to find good hotels in delhi and agra.
httpwww.goldentriangleindia.comdelhihotelsindelhi.html
to stay in delhi  hotel aster inn is best to stay in delhi.
it is in karol bagh.
some beautiful locations like close to karol bagh shopping market, presidential palace, and birla mandir temple and connaught place and jantar mantar are near to it.
to stay in agra  hotel atithi and aditya palace is perfect for you.
it is centrally situated.
to stay in varanasi  sandeep hotel is you choice ...
which one out of these makes the best pet
a degu, a rat, a mouse, a hamster or a guinea pig
and why is the one a better pet
get a guinea pig.
i have a hamster, and mice and rats like to escape.
the guinea pig is better because it s a lot larger than a hamster, rat, mouse, or degu.
so if you lose him, he is easier to find, because smaller rodents just love to escape from their cages.
so my opinion is guinea pigs.
plus they do nt stink that bad
depends on what you want in a pet, to be honest.
also depends on the space you have, how much time you can handle the pet, how much money you can spend, etc.
i ve had experience with all of those pets except degus.
my favorite would have to be the rat.
they re incredibly social, highly trainable, and very clean.
mine learned to  go to the bathroom  only in their cages and loved to ride on my shoulder or hang out in my hoodie pouch.
the only downside is they should be kept in pairs or trios and require a pretty large habitat.
that means expense, space, and they require weekly cage cleaning.
my second favorite would have to be the guinea pig  not quite as social with people as rats  at least mine was nt  but more so than most hamsters or mice.
again, pairs or trios and pretty big living space.
they, too, need weekly cage cleaning and can cost quite a bit.
i could handle my mice, but they where skittish and preferred their cage.
i ve never met a hamster that did nt bite me.
never had  handled a degu.
get a guinea pig.
we have two.
they are social and like to be handled.
you have to have two because they do nt do well alone.
make certain you get two females.
two males can fight and you definitely do nt want babies
guinea pigs  also called cavies  are gentle creatures and are awake during the day and sleep at night.
they will whistle when they hear you as an encouragement for you to give them a treat like leaf lettuce.
they love leaf or romaine lettuce and tomatos, celery, cucumbers, carrots.
do nt feed them broccoli, cauliflower, garlic, onions, head lettuce .... they are all too difficult for them to digest.
also they ca nt eat potatos, they are toxic for them.
if you keep the cage clean they do nt smell and you can buy spray on cleaser for them, just massage it into their coat and groom them.
fostering6 week old kittens and hating it
need advice
i wanted to volunteer and help animals, and decided to try fostering kittens.
this is my first experience and i have two six week old kittens right now and am at my wit s end.
i do not want to have to bring them back before they are eight weeks old but they are ruining my apartment.
they track poop everywhere  most disgustingly my bed .... , and am constantly trying to climb up everything, including my bare legs
my legs and hands are just full of scratches.
i realize they are young and that cats do climb, but this is just ridiculous.
my apartment also smells repulsive even though i am cleaning out their litter box at least once a day if not twice.
any suggestions and helpful hints to make this a more positive experience would be extremely appreciated.
that s kind of the way it goes .. lol.
limit them to one room with easy to clean flooring.
if you have limited options, try the bathroom.
make sure there are plenty of litter boxes that are cleaned often.
depending on the batch of kittens, i will often have as many as one per kitten.
they can produce a lot of waste and even scooping twice a day they can get messy.
for some reason it takes them awhile to learn not to step in poop.
also if they have diarrhea, check in with your foster coordinator.
they made need medication or deworming or something.
they are testing out their claws and teeth.
to some degree you can  should help teach them not to use their teeth and claws inappropriately.
but in the meantime, highly recommend jeans and long sleeves anytime you ll be interacting with the kittens.
then take care of yourself.
get plenty of sleep and make sure you take time out to do some things you enjoy.
try visiting the kittens a few times a day for short periods of time.
try to go in there with the right frame of mind and enjoy them for what they are.
if you still do nt enjoy the kittens, see what other opportunities are available.
they may need foster homes for adult cats in different situations .. sick, recovering from surgery, need a little socialization, etc.
i find the adults are much easier.
generally they re not clawing and biting, they do nt make nearly as much mess, they do nt need nearly as much litterbox scooping, etc
decide volunteering is not your thing and give them back
and do more research before you agree next time
take the kittens back to the shelter.
maybe do volunteer work at the humane society, walk dogs, groom the animals etc.
what r the requirements to apply for a delay birth certificate in canada
what r the evidentary requirements to apply for a delay birth certificate in canada
including fees and forms
it depends on if you ever registered the birth.
some places do the registration right at the hospital .... in some smaller places, you need to register your child s birth at the town hall  registrar s office.
my first three children were born in southern ontario cities.
the birth registration was done right in hospital.
my last son, was born in northern ontario ....
i did nt know that i did nt register him in the ridiculous amount of paperwork i had filled out in the hospital and was supposed to go to city hall within 90 days.
two years later when i got around to filling for his birth certificate, i find out he was never registered.
i had to call the office of the registrar general in thunder bay, have copies of the delayed registration form mailed out to me, as they do nt have an online area for it yet, fill those out, send them away, then apply for his birth certificate.
if you are just applying for a birth certificate for the first time, it s simple to do it over the computer.
for  56 you can even have it expedited and will get in three business days or your money back.
this is in ontario of course, the rates may be slightly different for other provinces  territories.
you just need basic information, and answer a few questions like what hospital was the child born at  who was the doctor ....
none, just walk in to the service office and present all the identification you have to prove your identity.
they may then chose to ask you to bring more evidence, or just look up the record and hand you the certificate.
you can probably do it all on  line.
start here if you were born in ontario.
httpwww.ontario.caeninformationbundlebirthcertificates119274.html
if you were born elsewhere, start here.
httpwww.ontario.caeninformationbundlebirthcertificates119275.html
good luck
my parents did nt send for my birth certificate until i was 16 and needed it for summer employment.
it was no problem to get provided the birth was registered in the first place.
i add that in because there have been some people who have tried to claim citizenship by sending for their birth certificate when they were never really born in canada or to canadian parents.
when a child is born in canada the birth is registered before the baby can leave the hospital.
as long as that was done you can send for it at any time.
each provincial government has a website that lists the process for that province so depending upon where you were born you can google it.
royal caribbean or carnival cruise
only if you have been on board  both
i want to know which you liked better and why
include which one had
better food
more fun activities
more teens
and just more stuff you liked overall
please specify which royal or carnival ship
carnival and royal caribbean are two popular cruise lines that have strong followings.
some cruise aficionados refuse to sail on one or the other.
are there any major differences between them
explore which cruise may fit your needs the best.
for our comparison we sailed on two similar ships  the carnival liberty and the royal caribbean mariner of the seas.
itinerary both ships go to caribbean islands like jamaica, grand cayman, cozumel, st. thomas, the bahamas and st. martin  st. maarten.
the liberty also visited its private island half moon cay, puerto rico, and grand turk.
the mariner of the seas traveled to its private island coco cay and labadee  the north coast of haiti .
we loved most of the locations that both of the ships visited and do nt believe that this should be a distinguishing factor on deciding between the cruise lines.
shows each night there are a variety of shows.
usually you have the main show and some type of entertainment before and perhaps afterward.
we felt that the main shows on the mariner of the seas were better.
on the liberty we liked the comedian and juggling act.
if you love seeing the shows, royal caribbean was better for the main shows and carnival was slightly better for the comedians.
dining room we enjoyed the atmosphere of both dining rooms on the liberty and mariner of the seas.
we felt that the menu had a little more variety on the mariner of the seas.
friendliness of staff the liberty and mariner of the seas both get high grades.
we did have one waiter that complained some on one of our trips on the mariner.
we had a slightly better experience on the liberty, but feel that both crews did an excellent job and that this should not be a distinguishing factor on choosing a cruise.
pools the mariner of the seas and liberty both had salt water pools  which most cruise ships have.
they both had pools for kids and adults.
we liked the liberty s pools better because one had a slide.
if you have kids, this would be something that they would definitely enjoy.
spa we tried the spa on the liberty and loved it.
we did not try the spa on the mariner of the seas.
usually you ca nt go wrong when getting a spa treatment ......
royal caribbean is better, but the best cruiseline is regent seven seas.
look on their website rssc.com
royal caribbean.
carnival has been called the walmart of cruise lines ...
what countries are the best to travel to
i really want to travel when i leave school
where in the states could i go
where in europe
have you every traveled before
how long should i go for to each place
i have1 year before collage
also how much money would i need
so i can start saving now hehe
thanks
i mean when i graduate  yes, college, sorry for the typo.
leave high school
not the smartest move to take off on a worldly adventure if you ve never traveled before and you do nt put where you would be traveling from.
in the united states
lots of places.
there are 50 of them, 48 located from maine to florida and california to washington state and all in between.
there are2 more located outside of the main continent with alaska way to the north and hawaii in the pacific.
what do you like to do
big cities like new york, boston, philadelphia on the east coast.
beaches and disney of florida or the mid atlantic cities of atlanta, savannah, charleston.
the federal sites of washington, dc.
southern charm of nashville, birmingham, new orleans or charlotte.
west coast hot spots like seattle, portland, san francisco, los angeles or san diego.
europe
just as numerous as the possibilities of the us.
do you speak a foreign language
i could spend a year in spain alone.
from madrid to seville to barcelona an valencia.
bilboa on the north coast, pamplona and the very famous guernica.
a road trip to lisbon and the algarve in portugal before a mountain escape in the pyrenees and a stop in andorra before heading over to france and italy and austria and switzerland.
i ve traveled to all of these places and could certainly tailor a trip to your needs based on budget, actual time allowed, your likes and dislikes.
amount of time could be dependent on so many things.
do you want to see all the sites or simply a few photos and on your way to the next place.
does your budget limit you to how long you can stay in each place
you need a lot of money for hotels, airfare, seeing the sites, food, local transport  you name it but life costs.
once you have a budget or an amount in the bank then you ll be able to figure out where you can go, for how long you can go and what you can do when you re there.
1 year before collage or college
good luck.
i recommend buying a single unlimited europass and travelling anywhere in the eu your heart desires.
you ca nt beat the price for what you get.
come to africa.
nigeria, a lovely country.
but where in nigeria
obudu cattle ranch.
more than a tourist centre.
how do you make your cat adjust to a new house
me and my family are moving into a new house just outside a small town.
we are currently living a mile from the town in a house surrounded by fields but the new house is beside a busy road.
we have had the cat for 10 years and do nt want to leave it.
how could we make it settle in a new house.
you are not just moving house  your cat is losing his territory.
territory is very important to cats, and they are very nervous when they go into a new place  a new house could be full of predators, or unknown menaces  well at least he thinks so.
you will need to give him only a small place to explore, so he can make it his territory, and feel safe there.
then, he can have a place to retreat to when he feels scared.
you will need to get his box and bowls, and whatever blanket and toys are his, and smell like home, and put him in a room.
the room you sleep in is best  seeing you so relaxed that you are sleeping will send the message that everything is ok , but others will work just as well.
close the door, and keep him in there for a week.
he will feel much safer in that one room, than in a huge unknown house.
he will explore the room, mark everything with his cheek, and try to make it feel like his territory.
he will reassure himself that no other animal is in there, and that no other animal will come in  he is afraid that he is in someone else s territory when he is in a new house.
in a week s time, he will have made it his, and will be getting more bored than afraid.
let him out for half an hour, to explore.
then put him back in.
he will be freaked out, so going back to his territory will make him much happier.
extend the time he is out each day, but for the first month, always put him in his room at night, so he feels safe to sleep.
soon he will make the whole house his, but he needs that one safe place to start from.
remember to visit with him while he is in the room, and tell him how good he is.
remember to give him the time he needs to feel that the room is his  rush it, and he will be afraid of the whole house for a long time.
he might even start peeing on things in fear.
good luck with your new house and with his new territory
let her explore when we moved my cat had to explore the entire house before she felt comfortable.
in time though she  he will adjust.
they just do it on their own.
i just adopted a2 year old male german shepherd with major bad behaviors
last night, i adopted a2 year old male german shepherd.
he is 92 pounds  he does not listen to any commands, but my major problem is that he will not go outside on command, or even with me.
i will walk outside and he will stand at the door and stare at me or run away.
my other major problem is that he will not get in his crate.
i will get a treat and try to get him in there that way, it wo nt work.
he wo nt even get close to the crate.
if i come towards him, he will run away.
how do i train him to feel comfortable in his crate
and to willingly go outside ... and to come on command.
he wo nt do anything on command.
it s very frustrating.
i have a9 month old german shepherd that i raised from a puppy.
i trained her myself.
she is crate trained, potty trained, and can sit, lay down, stay, come, fetch, and will even stay in a down position while i throw a treat across the floor or even right next to her paw, and she wo nt get it until i give her the command.
yes, lots of time and lots of patients ...
i just do nt know how to do it with a grown dog.
she tosses me around like it s nothing
... but basically, what i do is the same thing i did with my puppy ... lots of patience, lots of time, lots of praise, lots of treats, and lots of repition .... right
is there any tricks i could use
maybe get a book on training.
you have to be in command at all times.
there are ways to get your new dog used to the crate or going out.
i would start with a leash.
put the leash on the dog and just walk around the crate a few times.
then take the leash off and do nothing else but that.
later do it again.
when the dog is ok with this, then open the door and walk around the crate, leave the door open all the time.
put something fun inside.
let your dog go in when he wants to for no reason.
do not shut the door.
let him walk in and out for a few days.
at some point he will feel ok with this and you can then close the door but not for long at all.
open the door and let him out and see how he acts.
if you push it, it will never work.
with going outside, put the leash on and just take him for a walk.
he will learn to really like this.
potty outside will come at some point.
try obedience classes.
have patience with him, you just got him and who knows how he was treated before you brought him home.
where can i find the best tours to the mekong delta at reasonable prices
will only be in ho chi minh for4 days and i am looking for a1 day or2 day trip to mekong delta.
i have been researching on line and find things are quite pricey but the tours look great.
should i just settle and book on line
or is it better if i wait till i get there
if i wait, would the tours i find there for less money be the same quality type tours
also, any tour recommendations would be very helpful a well.
thank you
if you want reliable and inexpensive ... try sinh cafe  tourist.
the are located right at 248 de than st. in the heart of the back packer district.
i have taken this tour and it was great.
i did an overnight in a home stay that was sweet and the water market was wonderful.
i do nt remember the exact cost but remember thinking how inexpensive it was.
also, sinh cafe has been around for a long time and is very reputable.
and no, i do not work for them.
i am just a satisfied customer.
and do nt expect to party on this tour.
the south is not like the regular tourist towns.
very few clubs and night activities.
oh, if you are confused.
sinh cafe is not a cafe.
it is a tour agency and they have their own buses etc.
tele  84838389593
have fun.
there is nt much to see in the delta, it s a lifestyle not a resort area.
if you re adventurous you can take a bus or water taxi to my tho  near where we live  or can tho.
from either of those cities, you can venture out and spend a day in the country.
most of the tourists that i ve come across buy tours along the my tho waterfront.
you take a boat across the river, then spend a day biking, eating at a local restaurant, buying souvenirs and doing other things that are geared towards tourists.
the countryside is very beautiful, especially if you have a few months  or years  to get to know the place.
ps, if you make it to thanh pho ben tre, stay a night at my friend ken s hotel.
it s called kiwi heaven and it s across the river from cho ben tre.
it s a little hard to get to by foot, they re rebuilding the bridge, but you can get someone to moto  taxi you there for a dollar or less.
he s an expat from new zealand and he s been in town for awhile.
he ll set up a real tour of the area for you, not some tourist fantasy.
have a good trip where  ever you end up.
we went with intrepid as a part of their north to south vietnam trip, but they do offer this one day separately.
we had a great time and visited a location where they made coconut candies, visited a local restaurant which was attached to a fish farm, rode in modified quad bikes and had some tropical food at what appeared to be a local hangout.
intrepid is good at getting you away from the most touristy spots and showing you something a little different.
yoga and horses .....
i got a riding lesson today on one of my boss s fino horses and it made me realize just how unsteady my left leg is.
i mentioned it to my boss and she said to start doing yoga.
but there are just so many poses and programs
any good poses or programs  i m willing to buy a dvd as long as it is under  20  to help specifically with leg stabilization
i just have a few issues supporting my back and my left leg flops.
because i do nt feel like spending over  20 on a freakin dvd
i also have back problems that transfer into my legs.
i have done yoga for riders for a while, a 20 minute routine i found on youtube  i think it s called  yoga for horse back riding  hosted by a man  it helped with noticing slight differences in my balance and weight distribution but not really for the way i use my legs and back.
here is what i do now and it really helps ....
when i first get on i take1 leg and pull it back up to touch my butt with my heel and hold it there for1 lap at a walk around a large dressage arena.
then the same thing with the other leg.
then1 lap at a walk around the arena with both my legs pulled out as far as i can, so they are not touching the saddle.
then a lap doing scissors, one leg forward as far as i can and the other back, then switch legs.
i ll also trot doing, down2 beats, up one for a wile, then up2 down1 making sure the weight is going into the balls of my feet.
if the weight is going into your heels  it throws your leg forward  put the stirrups up against the heel of your boot.
do a nice working trot, not a slow trot.
all this will help you use both legs evenly, keep proper contact and use your wight correctly, to keep your leg in a good position.
btw you do nt want your leg locked in place, it will move with the horse a bit.
when i first started doing it i d do it every day.
now i just do it once or twice a week or as needed.
now not only is my leg better, but my back is relaxing.
what are you having problems with
i would nt bother with yoga i d practice more with riding and fixing my problem, ride bareback, with no irons, there s also a way to ride on your knees
that help alot with your thigh muscles  bareback though
ya i really would nt bother with the yoga
maybe a back brase will help, sometimes my back really gets to me and i ve thought about getting one.
with your leg flopping, just try putting all your weight in your heel and hang on with only your legs, holding my leg back helps me with flopping the more it s forward the more it flops  work your calf muscles, maybe try standing on the edge of your steps  on the ball of your foot  and balance to strengthen those muscles
you do nt want to spend more than  20 and yet you have an expensive hobby like riding horses
i really ca nt help you.
what to feed my dog after gastroenteritis
my dog has been sick for about3 days now.
he has been having diarheya everywhere and he began to vomit last night.
i thought it would pass until he started to vomit blood and would nt drink any water.
i took him to the animal hospital and they ran blood work and everything came back normal.
no pancreatitis or anything abnormal.
the vet said it was gastroenteritis and gave him fluids under his skin, an injection of nausea medication along with some take home antibiotics.
so my question is ..
is it normal for dogs to throw up blood while having gastroenteritis
and will these antibiotics help
i have tryed to give him water but he wo nt take it .. what should i do
i do nt want him to get dehydrated and also should i try to give him a little bit of food
... some help would be great.
thank you
they did nt take x  rays they offered them but i just could nt afford any more treatment.
i feel like shit for saying that but after what they have done already i wo nt be buying grocerys for the next few weeks.
i will give them and call and see what they say.
thank you for the help.
ok so i spoke to the vet and he said the give him white rice and boiled chicken but only a little at a time.
seince he recieved the fluids last night he said not to worry about drinking water for at least a couple of days.
i went home at lunch to check on him and he is doing 1000 etter he was actually walkin around and wagin his tail  thanks everbody for the info it s greatly appreciated.
to answer your questions in order
1  it is not normal for dogs to be vomiting, much less to have blood in it.
however, if they have been vomiting numerous times, then the blood could be due to irritation of the stomach and intestines.
he could also have parvovirus, a gi foreign body, or any number of things.
did your vet take radiographs  x  rays
2  your vet would not prescribe them if they did nt think it would be helpful.
3  if he shows no interest in water, then take him back to your vet.
it could be due to nausea or any number of things.
he could become severly dehydrated  especially if he continues to vomit and have diarrhea .
from there you end up with electrolyte imbalances, which can lead to heart and kidney problems.
and being dehydrated, vomiting, and having diarrhea just does nt feel good.
4  call your vet.
they should have discussed a bland diet with you, including the frequency of feeding and how much to feed at each sitting.
it sounds like your dog may benefit from being hospitalized, and put on iv fluids to help his hydration, administer the antibiotics iv, and to ensure that he starts to recover.
you should absolutely call your veterinarian back immediately to clarify anything you have questions about.
they have seen your pet, and are most aware of his condition.
no one online will be able to assist you more than your vet can.
you need to ask your vet these questions.
boiled white rice and boiled chicken breast.
bland food.
no spices
my vet told me when a dog is vomiting a lot, it could be a sign of obstruction.
did they do any x  rays
i do nt know if vomiting blood is common with this ailment.
you should call your vet now and ask them what is normal or not.
french dating etiquette
i would really love to hear what the french or those who had dated the french to say something about this.
i m in my 20s and currently studying in france.
coming from an anglo  saxon country my version of dating is  getting the number, asking her out, etc..
however, i ve read on the internet that the french dating etiquette is totally different.
for them, dating would normally be meeting in groups or parties, then pairing off.
in addition, from my understanding one  on  one dates is something that comes much later and not  straight  away  like us anglo  saxons.
they are also very secretive about being in a relationship.
they only  go out in the open  once they have reached a certain level of seriousness.
is it true
i have told a french girl i liked her, and she accepted.
she is friendly when we see each other on campus.
she is also nicer when we are both alone.
however, when we are at parties or when they are people around she seems to ignore me.
she also seems to hate it whenever i ask her out on a date, to the point she said stop
my mind thinks she has no interest in me and just stringing me along.
but the articles i read seemed to say the contrary.
have i just fallen victim in a cultural trap
what you have read in the internet is fairly accurate but of course it does not fit all scenarios.
you are not french for a start, so the  rules  or  customs  may not apply to you when it comes to entering into a relationship between people from different backgrounds.
from what you say the messages given by this girl are quite clear.
she is not stringing you along since she is actually discouraging you and is honest enough to tell you to stop asking her out.
she is just being friendly in public because she does not want to offend you and she treats you like any other friend.
you said you liked her and she accepted it as a truth and perhaps as a compliment, but it does not mean she fancies you or wants to pair off with you.
at parties she does not want to be considered in any way attached to you, which is consistent.
take the messages for what they are  she has no objection in you being pals at uni, but she does not want to take matters further.
non   means  non , not  i might consider it, and i will keep you attached to my apron strings just in case.
christiane gave you a good answer.
you have fallen in a cultural misunderstanding.
what i have to add is that it is normal in france to have mixed gender groups of friends, there s nothing unusual in boys and girls being only friends, which is obviously what this girl wants from you.
she probably finds your company pleasing as a friend but you are not her choice a a boyfriend and she is trying to keep it on a friendship level, and trying to make you understand that she does nt want to go further.
if she is nicer when you are alone i d say it is because in public view she is making sure that people do not think that you might be her boyfriend.
you do find the  get the number hop in bed with her  but be aware that they usually have a reputation as sluts.
unfair for the girl as boys do nt have that kind of handicap, but that s the way our own rules work.
should have done research before you left.
why not just take your chances and do it your way
true or false  being a young new zealander means having no future
there are no jobs in this country.
i m just trying to make up my mind whether i should move to australia or seek work in the sex industry.
is there a future for our nation s youth
ryan b,
i m two years into an undergraduate degree.
everybody i know at university intends to stay at uni for as long as possible until there are actually jobs available.
everybody seems to flee this country and move overseas, to australia, etc.
there s obviously a reason for that  lack of employment, low incomes, etc.
your answer does nt do anything but remind me that i m going to be  25,000 in debt by the time i m 22.
so, thanks.
w.a.b.b.y,
i really like youre answer.
it s very logical.
i ve also considered becoming a teacher, but it s not a job i m cut out for.
i also wish i d applied for a scholarship.
i did nt think i d be awarded one, but i received the dux litterarum award at high school, so my chances were probably better than i thought they were.
obviously i m still completely stupid though.
i mean, i was nt smart enough to apply for a scholarship.
and yes, i am being melodramatic.
lol.
hatmanone,
gasps  so i would nt make a good prostitute
are you saying i m bad in bed
how would you know
joking.
your answer is very sweet, but i m not compassionate towards teenage high school students.
a little mellow dramatic
in my opinion, far too many people are at university studying worthless degrees.
yes things like philosophy and fashion design are interesting, but how many jobs are out there for someone with these qualifications
i m studying to be a teacher, so i know that there will definitely be jobs out there when i m done.
i may have to live somewhere rural or in auckland, but at least i can be pretty sure i ll be employable.
i ve also got a bachelor s degree so i can go back and do further study or take a different profession.
i also know that you do nt get paid that much more in australia than you do here.
and it s not all about how much you earn, cost of living is much higher in many cities in australia.
try living in sydney on a teacher s salary, then compare it to somewhere like central otago.
you also have to put up with all the annoying accents in australia.
it s probably not a wise idea to keep studying and having a massive student loan.
at the moment there s no interest, but that ll probably change.
and they ll probably add interest to what you ve already racked up.
and they re working towards being able to extradite people who have left the country to avoid paying it back.
at the moment if you move overseas you can only come back to new zealand for a short amount of time before they ll force you cough up.
and all that time you re overseas you ll be racking up interest.
i would nt like not having the option to return to nz.
i guess i m extremely fortunate that i received a scholarship which paid about 800 f my course fees through my degree.
but i worked hard and i m still working hard.
there are far too many lazy people out there who think that they can sit around a job will fall in their lap.
my2 c. ....
get an education
i m doing fine.
whilst youth jobs are thin on the ground, do nt assume it s better in oz.
people have been fleeing this country at roughly a plane load per week for the past 20  years, so it s not anything new.
it depends on what you hunger for.
700 f jobs are nt advertised.
that means making yourself known  that means networking.
why does my baby king snake refuse to eat
i have a baby eastern king snake.
i have tried everything i can to get him to eat but he refuses.
he has a great environment, with water and lots of hiding places and a heat lamp.
as far as i know, everything is as good as it can be where his aquarium is concerned.
according to the vet, he is healthy and looks good.
he has been going to the bathroom like he should.
i know that snakes that have problems going to the bathroom wo nt eat.
he has been drinking water  i am pretty sure he has been drinking it out of his bowl, but also i have been feeding him water and he does nt ever give me a problem with that  i just stick his head near the water and he sucks it down.
i handle him every few days.
he is feisty, as most king snakes are, but he is a very nice little guy  he never tries to bite or anything.
i just love him to death.
i do nt know why he wo nt eat though
i have tried feeding him5 or6 live pinkies and4 or5 frozen  thawed  pinkies.
i have never tried feeding him a pinky that was bigger around than he is.
i have tried putting him in a small container and putting him in a dark place for an hour or so and he wo nt touch the pinky.
he crawls on top of them but does not try to eat them.
he does nt seem to know that they are food.
i have tried  braining  both live and dead pinkies, and bloodying them up to get his attention, but he does nt care.
i have tried dipping both live and thawed pinkies in tuna juice, and in used gerbil bedding.
i have bought some long reptile feeding tweezers and have tried holding the pinky in front of the snake s face.
he wo nt even try to bite.
i am very discouraged and sad and i do nt know what to do.
he has nt eaten in an entire month.
i ve only tried to feed him one at a time.
he s just a tiny baby, about the width of a pencil.
do babies this small hibernate
when you feed him how many pinkies do you feed him
if you feed him too many he could just not be hungry.
if he does nt seem interested in them at all i would say he s just not hungry.
my boyfriend has one and when she s hungry she attacks the pinkie right away.
they can smell it so i m sure he knows what it is and just do nt want it.
remember snakes can go a while without eating.
in the winter, they will usually go deep underground and enter a hibernation  like state called brumation, which is characterized by a slowed metabolism and reduced activity.
king snakes sometimes stop eating, particularly during the cooler part of the year.
they have a natural instinct to hibernate.
if the snake is not pregnant or shedding, and its enclosure is properly equipped, a loss of appetite probably signals a beginning of hibernation.
hibernation is natural, and a necessity for snakes that are going to be bred.
another thing that can cause a king snake to stop eating is shedding.
you can tell when your king snake is about to shed, because its eyes will get milky looking.
its body will be dull looking, too.
in a few days the snake will begin to shed its skin.
for example, some snakes will routinely go off their food in both the summer and winter, feeding mainly in spring and fall.
it s natural and so long as you do nt see any serious deterioration in their health is nothing to worry about.
you see, some snakes for no obvious reason will simply go off their food.
they re fit and healthy and their care is suitable.
hope this helped.
that s why it s good to have a python
it s twice my size and eats a rabbit once a month.
are my two cats fighting or playing
how rough is too rough
help
i have a1 and a half year old male neutered cat and a new2 month old spayed female kitten.
the first night i brought her home i did the sniffing under the door thing and left it at that.
the next day i let her out of the bedroom so they could check each other out, and the kitten hissed twice within the first 20 minutes of meeting each other and now she no longer hisses and they have been playing  chasing each other up and down the hall, rolling around on the ground and pawing at each other .
only once it looked like my male cat was biting at her neck and then her stomach and she was meowing fairly loud and hissed once then he backed off and now they are fine.
were they roughhouse playing
or were they actually fighting
he has been  biting  at her neck and stomach previously while they play without her meowing or anything so i m wondering if he went a little to far that one time.
any answers help
you did not leave the new kitten in the room long enough.
you need to do that for a least a week, or else this type of territorial fighting will happen.
giving the new kitten her own small territory will help her to feel safe and will give her a place to go to when scared.
right now, your male is fighting off an intruder, and he feels that all of the house is his.
put her back in the room, and keep the door closed for a week.
then let her out for ten minutes.
make it fifteen the next day, then twenty, and so on.
this will do two things  the new kitten will rub her cheek on the furniture in her room, making it her territory.
she will start to calm down and feel safe  you can bet she does nt now.
she knows she is invading someone else s territory, but ca nt help it, and has no where to go.
she will be able to sleep without being afraid.
as well, your male will be able to see that his territory is not threatened.
when the door opens, he will get that the one room is hers, and he will be ok with that.
the territory thing will be solved.
your male is hurting her to put her in her place  biting her scruff is dominance and biting the belly is a move cats use when hunting  to pull the guts out of their prey.
this is not good.
give them time to set up their territories, and once you bring the new kitten out, pay a lot of attention to the male.
you have brought someone else into his territory, and he needs to be reminded that you still love him, and support his claim to his space.
that will help to reassure him, and he will be less aggressive with her.
when they play fight, they do nt hiss.
if they hiss, they are not playing.
if they bite, and one cries, you must separate them, and you must keep an eye on them.
hissing is ok, unless they start to fight.
if that happens, separate them, and give them time apart.
putting the girl in her territory will make her feel less afraid, and she will relax.
good luck
a hiss is basically a  get the fck away  sound.
it means they ve gone too far.
when they start bleeding that means they re really fighting.
if they re going kinda slow and like fake biting  not biting as hard as they can , and fake scratching  not hitting as hard as they can with their paws  then they re playing.
i have two cats, and at first they hissed at each other because cats are very territorial, but now they do fight and play.
the difference is when the cat hisses, that means they are annoyed and they want the other cat to go away.
that means they are fighting.
when they are just jumping at each other and their tails are wagging that means that they are playing.
i can see how you get confused though.
what was the goal for north vietnam in the tet offensive
when johnson deployed troops in 1964 he was advised by the military it would take a half  million troops about ten years to pacify south vietnam.
he refused to believe them and ordered the military to win the war within two to three years  before the next election in 1968 .
he did not give them the number of troops they requested.
this left westmoreland with few options, so he adapted a search and destroy strategy instead of a clear and defend strategy which is, in the long run, the preferred method of pacifying an insurgency.
thing is, it worked.
the arvn was not having a big problem with the local vc  the guerilla movement , they were being challenged by the main force vc  which was light infantry  and the north vietnamese army  nva .
when the americans swept in with their search and destroy operations the communists quickly leaned they could not stand up to the us firepower, and these regular troops were forced to flee the country and take sanctuary across the borders in laos and cambodia.
all those sunny reports about the progress in vietnam were correct, the communists were being defeated.
however, johnson would not let the military cross the borders and clean out the communist bases.
he was warned that they were building up a huge army and would eventually launch an attack, but he ignored his military advisers.
the communists agreed.
they could not defeat the americans.
however, what they hoped to do during the tet offensive was to sneak past the americans and attack the arvn in the urban areas where they were deployed doing successful clear and defend operations.
the communists thought they could defeat the arvn, cause the fall of the south vietnamese government, and the people would than rally to the communist cause and leave the americans stranded in a sea of angry peasants.
that was the plan.
what happened
the americans detected the attempt to infiltrate the urban areas and were already redeploying troops from the rural areas.
the arvn rushed back from holiday leave and counterattacked.
within 24 hours every communist assault had been defeated except in the ancient capital of hue.
the government did not fall.
and the south vietnamese people
when give the ultimate choice, they rallied.
to the south vietnamese government ..
tet was a huge military and political disaster for the communists.
they were chased back into laos and cambodia with the arvn in hot pursuit.
the people rejected their attempt to topple the government, and for all intents and purposes the us military  and the arvn  handed johnson the victory he had ordered them to achieve within the time  frame he ordered it.
all he had to do for a complete victory was allow the military to go into laos and cambodia and finish off the shattered communist forces.
but johnson was so obtuse he did nt understand he had a victory when it was handed to him on a silver platter.
instead he pulled the military off, stopped the bombing of north vietnam, withdrew from the presidential race, and spent the rest of his term in office trying to surrender to north vietnam.
they screwed up by not accepting his surrender when he offered it.
the american people were not having any of it, and elected richard nixon to fix the mess lbj had made  not to surrender like the antiwar movement was demanding .
in the end nixon kept his promise for . peace with honor ..
but that s another question.
to emancipate the south, but it was a serious failure.
to make the war unpalatable to the american public.
in that, they pretty much succeeded.
before tet, the war was unpopular but tolerable to the majority of americans in that the loss of american lives was seen as the cost of subduing the vc and nva.
tet made it clear that the war was a long way from being over if the americans thought they could preserve the south and that the north was perfectly willing to suffer great losses to continue their fight.
there is a very good book on the subject that was written by general vo nguyen giap.
try google to find the title if you would like to read it.
bearded dragon question ...
i just bought a baby one yesterday.
i have a basking spot lamp that says it is a double reflector that focuses 35  more light  heat and provides beneficial uva rays important to the psycholical well  being of him.
my question is does that mean it gives him not only the heat, but the  sun rays  he needs
i also was wondering how long should this light be on.
the lady at pet smart said4 hours, but on places on the net it says 10 to 12 hours.
he s getting used to his new home, but has nt eatin yet.
i have bearded dragon juvenile food and freeze  dried crickets.
any advice would be greatly appreciated.
thank you for your time.
let me try to break this down as simply as i can  diurnal  active during the day time  reptiles like the bearded dragon require3 types of  light,  uva, uvb, and heat.
any white light emitting light source will emit uva, including heat bulbs, that s the easy one to provide for.
uvb on the other hand can only be reproduced by a fluorescent source.
uvb will always be a separate bulb from the heat lamp, unless you use a mvb  mercury vapor bulb  which is the only reptile use bulb that will emit both uvb and heat from one bulb.
i highly recommend that you do not use coiled  compact uvb bulbs as they are known to cause severe eye damage and  or blindness in reptiles not to mention they have trouble maintaining uvb output over time.
the long tube uvb bulbs are best, like zoomed s repsitun model  httplllreptile.comstorecatalogreptilesuppliesuvbfluorescentlightsmercuryvaporbulbszoomed24reptisun100fluorescentbulb remember to replace uvb bulbs according to the manufacturer s recommendation after which time the bulb will no longer produce uvb even if visible light still is.
so, to answer your question, no, if you just have a bulb that says it produces uva then you do not have  the sun s rays  that your bearded needs.
you need to also provide a source a uvb lighting.
the person at petsmart is very wrong  in fact it is always a good idea to second guess what most pet store employees tell you  they do nt have the best track record regarding giving reliable pet care info.
uvb and basking temp  should be about 110 f for a baby, 95 f for an adult  should be available for 10  12 hours a day.
freeze dried food is not a good staple food source  you need to offer live feeder insects.
bearded dragons are sight hunters, they need to see the food move to trigger a feeding response, especially when they are babies.
live food is also higher in nutritional value than freeze dried.
crickets, silk worms, phoenix worms, and various feeder roaches, like red  lobster, turkistan, and dubia, are good example of staple insects to offer your bearded.
wax worms and meal worms should only be offered as treat items, for variety s sake.
i would highly recommend that you read through some reliable bearded guides to make sure you have everything set up correctly
httpherpinfo.webs.combeardeddragon.htm
httpwww.beardeddragon.orgarticlescaresheetpage1
mm it depends on the size of his tank or cage or whatever you have him in .. atleast as far as i m concerned.
if there are shady areas he can move to  for example a3 x5 x4 tank with light on one side  then you can leave it on a full 12  14 hours, if it s a small tank and he ca nt escape the light then4 6 at most at a time though quite possibly4 6 hours at a time twice a day.
either way you also need to keep an eye on the temperature if you are using a dry fish tank as uv lights in my experience up the temperature significantly and without proper ventilation it can become an oven.
as to what the light provides it gives uv rays .. which is important for health in lizards as it is in humans.
that lady at petsmart is a disgrace to the rest of us petsmart associates ... sheesh.
yes, it gives him the  sun rays  necessary, that s what uva is.
and it should be on 10  12 hours, just like the sun would be up for 10  12 hours in his natural environment.
as for the heat, just be sure to use a thermometer.
also, beardies often do not eat food that is not moving, so it s anyone s guess whether or not he ll touch the freeze  dried crickets or the processed food.
i tell all my customers they can try it, but do nt count on it.
also try green leafy veggies, like kale and spinach.
best of luck
is a finch or a parakeet better
i am making a christmas list for my parents and i was going to ask for a bird and these are the affordable ones that i like, and i was wondering  which would not bite alot, and which are more fun to have as pets and i need to know which would be quietest i honestly do nt care but my family does
please help me
oh and please say y one is better thx
hi there,
please choose the parakeet ...
here s my reason .....
i did the same thing that you did for christmas.
i ended up getting a pair of zebra finches for christmas.
at first it was all cool and all.
they were chirping and doing their every day business.
after a couple of weeks i got tired of them.
they are quite messy and you can not hold or pet them.
i ve tried to tame them and they just would not get tamed.
they do nt want to be held or touched.
i want a bird that i can hold and do tricks.
i still have them and they are doing well.
a couple of months after i got parakeets  budgies.
they are adorable they have beautiful colors and personality.
i love them.
first of all they are very tame.
i tamed them in4 days.
they can do tricks and they are nt messy.
the whole family loves them.
my parents even plays with them.
they are a big part of our family.
i hope this helps you with your decision.
they are both about the same noise level.
when choosing a parakeet look for a young one.
the younger the eaiser to tame  look for clean smooth feathers, beak, and clean vent feathers  the feathers around the butt .. dirty vent feathers means the bird is not healthy  look for a dark eye with no circles  the older ones have a circle ring in their eyes .
look for a lot of stripes in their head that starts from the beak and goes back to the back fo the bird.
the stripes are like hair the less stipes the older.
think of a balding man lol  look for clean feathers.
if you want a boy the cere  the nostrils piece above the beak  must be blue.
the girl has either pink or brown.
i would recommend that you get two parakeets.
but get either one male and one female, or two males.
do not get two females.
they sometimes do nt get along  you know how some girls are lol hahahaahh but for real though, two girls tend to fight a lot.
i have one yellow girl and a green and yellow boy.
they are the best
if you choose to get a parakeet this is a trick that i used to tame them.
however if you plan on getting one, then get more than one at the same time they need company.
my mom told me how to tame them and i was very happy with the results.
it took me4 days to get the new one to be able to step on and eat out of my hand.
these are the steps i used.
honestly they have worked for me twice with my parakeets.
hopefully they will work for you.
1  when you get the bird, place him or her or them in the cage.
leave them in there with food and water and such for about2 hours.
2  then place you hand in the cage.
i took the cage and place it next to the couch.
then i sat on the couch, placed one hand in the cage, holding a millet spray.
this way the will associate your hand with food, and birds love food lol  then i turned on the tv and watch.
this way they will see that your hand is good and it s not going to grab them or hurt them.
do this for about one hour.
you can take breaks if you have too  and repeat the steps after about2 hours.
3  after about day2, they will start to eating the millet spray from your hand.
do not take away the food dish from the birds, they will associate you as the person who takes away their food  ....
then take your finger and place it under their belly, in front of their feet and say up.
push you finger to their feet gently and say up.
the first couple of times they will fly all over the cage but as long as you do nt jump back or screem they will get used to you  they will have no choice but to go on your finger.
when they see that you ar nt harming them, the will go up on your finger when you say up.
4  if they are not going up by now you just got ta keep trying and keep trying.
do not hit, yell, or harm them.
you have patience.
do nt give up
after a couple of weeks mines knows when i say shoulder it means ot go on my sholder, when i say up it means to jump up on my finger, when i say up and out it means up on my finger and out of the cage.
and when i say go home it means to go in the cage.
good luck
they worked for me and i hope they worked for you
they are awesome
and that s my reason why you should choose a parakeet over a finch.
a parakeet is friendlier
parakeet.
they are normally quiet and it is easy to take care of them.
they are also friendly.
i have a parakeet named cookie. p
when is the best time to travel to ireland
my sister and i would like to go to ireland.
i graduate in the spring, and so we d like to go between then and winter.
we do nt want too many tourists, and since we ll both be out of school we can go anytime between the middle of june to early november.
we do nt want it to be too cold  not sure when exactly there fall is ... or what the weather is really like there during our autumn months , but we do nt feel like we need to go right in the middle of summer either.
we re both in our early 20s and just wanting to explore the beautiful country while we re still young and before our lives start to get even crazier
can anyone give me an idea of when the best time for us to go to ireland would be
people do not go to ireland on holiday for the weather, it is unpredictable.
one thing you can be sure of about irish weather is how little you can be sure of.
it may be shirtsleeves and sunglasses in february, but winter woollies in march and even during the summer.
and then there s the rain.
ireland receives a lot of rain, with certain areas getting a soaking as many as 270 days of the year.
county kerry is the worst affected.
the southeast is the driest, enjoying a more continental climate.
the irish weather works on the  four seasons in a day  principle, which basic ally means that you ca nt predict a thing when it comes to the behaviour of the sky.
some basic assumptions, however, can be made.
in summer, from may to july, the days are reasonably warm and  most importantly  very long  at the height of summer you wo nt need to turn on lights until after 10 pm.
it is also peak tourist season, which means there are far more people just about everywhere but the most remote corners of the island, and prices are at their highest.
not surprisingly, most of the yearly festivals occur during these times so as to take advantage of the crowds and the more favourable weather.
spring  february to april  and autumn  august to october  make good alternatives, although the country s ever  growing popularity as a tourist destination can often blur the lines between mid  and high  season tourism.
still, you have a better chance of some peace and quiet, and the weather can be surprisingly better in april and september than in midjuly  again, it s all part of the uncertainty principle.
spring festivities include the ever  popular st patrick s festival.
although temperatures do not often venture below freezing, winter  december to february  can be brutal, for huge parts of the country  the west and northwest in particular.
crowds are at their thinnest, but many of the country s tourist attractions and services close down in october and do nt reopen until easter, which paradoxically leaves visitors with a more convincing taste of how ireland is experienced by most of the irish  it s cold, grey and dark by5 pm, but there s always a pub to escape into when the rain starts sheeting down.
the thing to do is to bring the right clothing with you, clothes so you can layer up if it is cold and take off layers when it warms up.
waterproof clothing and footwear are essential plus an umbrella ..
as that famous scotsman billy connolly says  there is no such thing as bad weather just the wrong clothes
afraid i can not be more helpful, it is really a case of pot luck, although as the weather is so changeable often a cold wet morning will turn into a lovely warm sunny afternoon and evening or visa versa.
if you mean the republic of ireland  dublin  then anytime.
the summer there is much more mild than most of the us  are you coming from the us  .
their seasons are the same as all the countries in the northern hemisphere but i would suggest fall.
it does get pretty cold in ireland so going before winter is your best bet.
september for example.
rent a car and spend a couple days outside of dublin seeing the countryside and you will have the trip of a lifetime.
to explore the beautiful countryside you will need to be old enough to hire a car because public transport is expensive  only goes as far as the main towns  cities, most rural places do nt have a bus or train service.
you could stay in a city  get a bus tour to say the cliffs of moher or dingle peninsula but you will be with all the other tourists.
by definition most tourists will go to the best places so you might have to put up with a few tourists along the way.
best weather the past couple of years has been around late april  late may but it can pour with rain for days on end at any time of the year so be prepared with waterproof jackets  boots etc.
we only had a few sunny days this summer, barely 24 c on a few occasions, more like 14 c most days.
we used our bbq on precisely4 occasions.
autumn is from mid august onwards as far as the weather goes if not officially according to the calender.
the days start to shorten  it gets even wetter, windier  colder.
we had frosts in october so i would nt advise visiting late in the year to be honest, spring time is your best bet.
you do realise it is quite expensive to visit ireland
you are going to need a few thousand dollars saved up for flights, insurance, food, accommodation  spending money.
eating out in particular is quite expensive compared to america i believe.
golden wonder killifish breeding help
i have4 golden wonder killifish.
1 of them is really colorful and is about6 cm long.
2 of them are kinda whitish and are about4 5 cm long.
the last one is colourful too but it is about4 cm long.
i feed them flakes, and live earthworms uncut everyday.
can you tell me the whole process of breeding them and taking care of the babies
thanks in advance.
wow
if they are able to take earthworms uncut, that is really impressive
i aspire to your feeding regime, flakes early and something live later in the day.
worms  and daphnia  are also rich in lipids, substances important in forming eggs and growing young.
i think that you understand that your largest and smallest golden wonders are males.
if you would like more on sexing out aplocheilus lineatus take a look at the discussion in the first source below.
if you have plants in your tank.
your lineatus are already spawning.
if conditions are favorable  78  82 f  and the fish are obviously well fed as yours are, they will spawn.
i ve even had a pair of killies leave eggs on a floating thermometer
if you wish to pick eggs make a acrylic spawning mop.
check out the second source.
i prefer darker colors because i can see their eggs, more easily and the fish look better next to them.
use a well rinsed medicine vial, a cork, new fishing bobber or even a piece of noncrumbly styrofoam to float them.
there are a couple ways one could spawn lineatus  mop spawning  water incubating them for two weeks, picking eggs from a mop  putting them in a tray of treated, seasoned water or setting up the parents in a planted tank  moving them so the fry can hatch out there.
if you have the room to separate the male  s   females  s ,  feed them well on live foods,  assuming that you are doing weekly 50  water changes  when you put them together they will leave a lot more eggs.
just making up examples, but if a pair is constantly together, they may lay 10  15 eggs a day.
with extra blackworms and maybe frozen  defrosted, rinsed  frozen foods earlier in the day, they may leave 30  40 eggs at a time.
separated and feed extremely nourishing stuff, they may produce more.
separating a pair some time before a show  killies are usually shown  judged  often sold as pairs  will encourage them to court and show their best colors.
they also start the day with no nicks or dings in their fins.
the water changes help with that too.
you also may need to treat the incubation water.
the chlorine and ammonia  choramine  are not good for the eggs.
ironically sometimes it is wise to leave the newly picked eggs in fresh tap water with some chlorination to kill microscopic critters that ride in with the eggs.
then put the eggs in water treated a couple of days before with a water treatment and left open to  breathe .
leaving a jar with a dozen black worms in it will sate the adult s desire for snacks and they are more likely to leave fry or eggs alone.
if a pair is nt leaving eggs ... check the following
1. is a tank mate  such as another female killie or a cory or large snails  rating the eggs
2. have we kept up with partial water changes
3. is there too much mineral in the water
aplo. lineatus are wide  spread over southern india.
that indicates that they thrive in different water chemistries.
still if you can get your pet shop to do a hardness or tds  total dissolved solids  test, that may give you a hint.
winging it a little here, a hardness of 100 to nearly 200 ppm  parts per million  or 5.8 to 10.6 dh should be fine for gardneri.
tds meters  the thrifty aquarist s hardness meter can be used if one has seen one of your municipal water department s annual reports.
they include a number of minerals there and you can figure out what percentage of that would be your hardness minerals  calcium, magnesium and iron .
a number of minerals are not of much consequence.
however if there is a high level of sodium chloride  common salt  that can break down the chorion  shell  around the egg and allow critters to get in and eat the yoke and embryo.
ironically sometimes it is wise to newly picked eggs in fresh tap water with some chlorination to kill microscopic critters that ride in with the eggs.
then put the eggs in water treated a couple of days before with a water treatment and left open to  breathe .
if you get eggs in the mail in a medicine vial, that is fine.
but get the eggs out, maybe rinsed in fresh tap water and then into the incubation water.
in time the eggs can suffocate in the shipping container.
after a number of people began complaining about  mystery deaths  among incubating eggs, some of the more advanced killie people began suggesting that after7 8 days of incubation, one should do a 100  water change  as the eggs develop, they do release waste material.
another problem is that sometimes bad eggs will fungus and the fungus will spread out and kill all the eggs.
some people put in a very dilute acriflaven solution to slow down the fungus, so one can take white eggs out with a pipette or eyedropper.
other will add a drop of methylene blue.
if an egg turns blue, it had died and then became dyed as the outer membrane broke down.
get those out asap too.
hope there is useful grist for the mill here.
disney cruise line with young ones
i will be taking my3 and4 yr olds.
what is the best time of year
should i get a balcony
any tips or advice to make this a great experience
thanks
it is vacation time.
many families are set to plan a best holidaying.
they look for fun filled, rejuvenating and memorable vacation.
there can be many ideas  one can see numerous options passing through their mind.
what is the best option
especially if you are planning to spend couple days with family and kids, which best suit you can select
disney cruises, is a simple answer to this.
there are many reasons to say disney cruise is the best bet for you to have a enjoyable holiday tour.
from 1998 onwards, from its inception disney cruise has attracted many and continue to attract more and more.
this is a spectacular ship, a very popular choice of families to spend their leisure time.
the ship is designed thematically, with imposing animated cartoon characters.
do you feel that the holidaying with the animated cartoons will impress only young ones
no, the luxurious facilities and fun filled activities in the disney cruise are very attractive to people of all ages.
whatever be the age, you will have the choice of variety of activities to forget about your hectic day  to  day activities.
kids fun games and video shows are added to the other facilities.
there are two ships, disney magic and disney wonder.
both are made keeping in mind the comforts of the travelers.
disney cruises offer 24  hour room services, and the crews are ready to serve you the way you like.
it has got very spacious rooms, furnished completely and neatly.
these are decorated uniquely and marvelously.
the ship offers variety of eatables, deliciously made.
sea fishes, prawns and many nice options are there in different restaurants aboard.
there are many good options of delicious food on the shores as well.
there are special regions uniquely and imposingly designed for the children.
they can spend many hours enjoying the disney world magic.
these theme parks have all types of facilities.
video shows, cartoon stories, wonderful games and many such facilities.
it is really an entertainment for the kids.
the amusing world of cartoons and stories will be a memorable experience for the children.
there are other amnesties also.
these include space for dances and music, bar facility, gambling facilities for the elder, spaciously made open area aboard and many such nice facilities.
also one can keep their privacy in the cabins and make the time in seclusion.
to relax and to rejuvenate disney cruise are the best option.
there are many online sites offering the booking facility with affordable rates.
you can select the proper route and travel plans by consulting the agents prior to the booking ........
off season is good, however, the disney cruises are almost always completely booked.
i would suggest a warmer season, but not spring break or early summer.
you may also want to avoid thanksgiving week and the christmas holidays.
we really enjoyed our balcony  coffee in the mornings, drinks at night, standing outside when docking and leaving port  however, it is quite a bit more expensive.
with young ones, i would definitely get a window or view room so they can see outside.
check out the kids  space as soon as you get onboard.
do not feel guilty about taking them there.
they have a blast so the sooner they get there, the sooner they can have fun.
we liked getting the late dinner seating, so you have more time to see movies and stuff but if your kids are  early to bed  you may want the earlier seating for dinners.
bring some sort of magnet or small magnetic whiteboard for your door.
all of the doors tend to look alike and having  something  on your door helps you and your kids find your room easier.
you can also leave notes for the rest of your family  husband  about where you are at any given point.
cell phones do not work on board but they give you a  walkie  talkie  kind of phone in your room that will work onboard.
each evening you will get a  magazine  called the navigator which lists all of the activities for the next day.
we always took ours to dinner and discussed what things we felt we  had  to do and which ones we felt like skipping in lieu of just chilling.
any time would be great.
off season cruises might actually be better with preschoolers as prices might be lower in the off season.
my wife and i, in our 60s at the time, originally planned a3 generation trip but some family emergencies caused everyone else to cancel.
we had a ball.
we had an inside cabin and it is what i would recommend.
there are so many things to do that you will only use your room for sleeping and the extra cost of the balcony is wasted.
the children can be checked in and checked out in a safe way at many activities so you can have a bit of free time without the little ones.
the range of activities can be illustrated by describing the water activities.
there is a splash fountain  no standing water  for little ones still in diapers  next is a wading pool for those who are potty trained  then a family pool  finally there is a pool for adults only with kids not allowed.
you will never be so spoiled in your life as you are on a disney cruise.
if you stay with your dining schedule, every night is dinner and a show.
the real payoff is that you will have the same waiter for the entire cruise.
our waiter quickly grasped the fact that i like ginger ale and rather spicy foods while my wife s taste ran to lemonade and less spicy fare.
since they knew our preferences, we almost always went along with their menu suggestions and were never sorry we did.
obviously they had a full beverage list including alcohol for adults who wanted it.
if you should miss a meal, you also missed a great show.
but food is always available and it is consistently good.
i think i gained three pounds in my week long cruise.
this is about my farrier, girls.
that s why i m posting here
help
i posted this in singles and dating too, so i ve just copied and pasted.
well, i ll try to make this short.
i have known this guy for a long time, but we ve never been good friends or anything.
he is my farrier  shoes my horse s feet  so i am technically a client if you want to view it that way.
well, almost two weeks ago he came out and did my horse s feet and was so flirty.
he always hugs me when he comes, but he gave me at least5 tight, long, back rubbing hugs while he was there.
we were also just talking about my horse s crappy feet and he mentioned.
well, if you ever just want to see me i ll come out and look him over and then we can grab a coffee after.
that has never happened before so i was kinda realizing at that point that he was a little interested.
right
anyway, so he ended up leaving one nail out of my horse s foot  i ve never heard of a farrier doing this  and telling me to call him in a few days  first it was a week, then it was a few days lol  and he d come back out and put it in.
he told me to remember to call like3 times before he left.
so, i waited a week to call because i was busy and i wanted to have him come out on a day when i am more available in case we were to hang out after
anyway, so that was2 days ago that i called and left a message, but he still has nt called back yet.
i do nt know if i should call him again tomorrow or not
i know a lot of people say to wait until he calls you, but it s different because i m a client and technically that s all i am at this point.
on the other hand though, if i m a client he should really of called back by now because you do nt leave a customer hanging.
he did nt have my number either because this was the first time i ve called him instead of his dad.
it s a father and son business.
anyway, i would appreciate any insight on this at all.
thank you for reading if you did
ok, well as far as him being a bad farrier for leaving a nail out  that is not the case, they are extremely well known farriers in the area.
i would be a lot more concerned if the shoe fell off because it was missing one lousy nail.
the reason he said he did nt put that nail in was because he  did nt want to risk it  with my horse s horrible feet.
this is about the fourth time they ve done my horse s feet because i just switched back to them.
the only reason i switched away from them in the first place is because my good friend who apprenticed with them was starting out on his own.
however, he left my horse without a shoe for two weeks  now that s what i call a crap farrier .
which, i might add is the same foot that keeps crumbling with the nails.
so, obviously i switched back to these guys.
ok, calm down, it s not like he s some stranger that came up and groped me lol.
i ve known the guy for about 10 years.
i am 21, so yeah we were both kids when we knew each other
he is a few years older than me.
and yes, i do like him.
to answer barry white, yes that did occur to me  i hope that is all he s waiting for.
on the other hand, he could very easily just call me and say hey i m busy right now, i ll call you when i can come out.
and as far as scheduled visits go, i have no idea.
i ve never done that before though either.
it s always just  okay, theyre feet need to be done, better call the farrier.
and they usually come out within a few days.
he will call you back i m sure
sounds like he really likes you ..
but you need to ask yourself do you feel the same way
would you like going for  coffee  with him
or is he not your type
or are you undecided
if i were you i would go ...
i would say if he does not call you back by friday call him again he could be playing hard to get
i think he left the nail out of the shoe as a excuse to come back and see you hey he may be your prince charming ..
edit ... i really do nt think your horse is in danger of being hurt with one nail missing ..
i have seen horses loose nails on there own and do just fine with one nail gone now if he had left out2 or3 i would be wondering to ...
i really do belive he left the nail out becuse of the horse s hoof condition and it s a added bonus he would get to see her again
when i was younger in my early 20s my farrier was a hottie named joby ..  for those who do nt know i am a girl read my bio on my page  dumb as a post about everything but horses ..
he was in his 30s divorced and had2 kids .. but we both flirted horribly with each other .. but neither one of us took the chance and asked to other on a date.
sort a wonder what it would have been like
but that was years ago.
he had this habit of telling you everything ..
well one day he said to me you know i do nt wear underwear as he was bent over working on my mare s right front hoof .. and i was like ummmm okay
i m glad his butt was facing me so he could nt see my red face i think my mare was even laughing ..
well6 weeks later when he came back out he was again working on my mare s front foot and i looked down and yeah he had wholes in his pants in the wrong places i bust out laughing and he was like what
i was like ummmm i can see your ass cheeks ... he was like oops did i forget my underwear
that was a strange way to flirt .. but i guss it was his way ...
but like i said nothing ever came of it .. the next time i saw him he had told me he had to get married to a girl who he worked with becuse he knocked her up ..
i was heartbroken .. but then realized he was not the guy for me ..
wow he does sound interested in you, my farrier never gives me hugs like that  probably a good thing as he has a wife and2 kids  anyway, i find that they can be very busy so i would wait a week lo9nger and if still no reply give him a call but do nt leave a message so you do nt have to necessarily wait for him to call.
from the point of view of a business, and client  operator relationships, he s doing a really shitty job.
leaving nails out so you ll call and have him come back out later
cute or not, i d call a different bloke because he s doing a subpar job at something he needs to be doing his best at, whether he s flirting or trying to ask you out or not, he ought to put quality first.
this is, after all, his business, and if he wants you to remain a customer why on earth is he doing shoddy work
epm, anyone dealt with it
might be something different
i have the opportunity to pick up a super nice6 year old for free.
he s not lame, but he s been having issues.
here s what the owner has said
i have a5 year old that lost all of his cheek muscle on the right side about3 4 months ago.
i chalked it up to possible nerve damage, because this is what the vet thought and the other cheek muscle was fine and he had no theeth problems.
so i sent him to the trainers the first of september to be started on the barrels.
i got him back the first of the month and he had lost some weight but attributed that to be worked everyday  i expected him to drop some .
he is now losing the cheek muscle on the left side of his face and seems to be dropping weight by the day.
had him to a dentist yesterday and there is no teeth problems.
he can eat all his feed and does nt drop any, but can not eat hay from lack of muscle to chew it.
he is gant looking in his flank area and is losing topline muscle.
the only neurological sign that he shows is that he barely drags his toes and sometimes has trouble with his right lead.
the horse i had posted about a couple weeks ago with the atrophied cheek muscles is down to his last resort for life.
i can not afford to treat whatever is wrong with him.
no, i have not done an epm test but have done an extensive blood panel and my vet did a neurological physical exam.
we elected to not do the epm test because there was no neurological signs.
he is still showing no signs other than the weight loss, and some muscle atrophy.
he eats all of his grain but it just takes him a while to get it chewed because of the lack of muscle in his jaws.
so i might get the horse and see what i can do.
i will be getting with my vet first and if i do get him, have the spinal fluid test done for epm and a titer test.
will be getting a copy of the blood results the owner has already ran as well.
my other theory would be wobblers.
i ll be having my equine chiro  acupuncturist out to do some work as well if i do get him ....
so any ideas
think i should do it
arby,
horse is out of state and not local.
owner is willing to meet me half way with him.
i will be calling my vet and chiro about him.
worse comes to worse, i m out of the   and have to put him down anyway or have a pretty pasture ornament.
he s still rideable currently and not having many issues under saddle.
this is a horse that i otherwise would nt be able to afford and even if i spend2 k and treatment i come out ahead of his purchase price.
i posted what the owner as said in paragraph2 3, that is not me to clarify.
she is the one that ca nt afford to do anything else for him in case he does nt recover fully.
he can eat grain and i already have a feed regimen in my head for the guy since he ca nt eat regular hay.
i do nt think it will be hard to keep his weight up so long as he can eat the grain.
i am not going to go pick up a horse i ca nt afford.
i am willing to pull the epm test and treat.
the owner is the one who is unable.
i will also be having my other vet up who s a chiro  acupuncturist to evaluate him for wobblers.
july is when he started to exhibit slight symptoms and the owner and vet originally thought it was just some nerve damage from something in the pasture with no visible injury.
he s only exhibited weight loss and some muscle atrophy, with the slight toe drag and a bit of trouble with the right lead  which could or could nt be related .
the horse is not in pain.
he s not starving.
he s dropping we
the horse is not in pain.
he s not starving.
he s dropping weight, but most of that came from being at the trainer s and being ridden hard for 60 days.
he s not putting it back on.
i know that i have the possibility of treating him and still having to put him down.
at the same time i do know people who have had horses come back successfully after epm.
i know this is going to be expensive.
i m willing to give it a shot.
gallop, i ve already read that whole site and been reading through research articles from the research colleges as well.
looked at studies, treatment options and such.
i will have the epm test done before treating.
the chiro  acupuncturist will be there to evaluate the horse for wobblers which is often caused by spinal compression and can be confused with epm.
if that is the case then acupuncture is nt going to hurt him.
it s actually one of the alternative therapies for epm
i think it is wonderfully responsible that you are going into this rescue eyes open and are getting the opinions of qualified professionals  and a bunch of yahoos  before you decide to take this horse on.
i do think some ya users need to work on their reading comprehension as i ca nt comprehend how taking a horse in as a rescue and getting it qualified medical treatment is abuse.
worst case scenario you fall in love and after spending thousands of dollars you have to put the horse down.
is that something you are up for
if so go for it and i ll give you all the moral support i can as you figure out what is up.
it is heartbreaking to try to bring a horse back and then have to put it down, but some horses are worth the risk.
if you feel this guy is worth it then i hope your vet can figure things out.
as to epm like shee said being in mi we ve had to deal with it.
pretty much every large stable has here.
our first diagnosed epm horse was back when there was no treatment in the us and only an experimental chicken feed additive in canada.
we hauled the horse to windsor and got him treated there.
that horse returned to racing and we did nt notice much difference.
we ve had a few since then, but none since our race horses began wintering in florida.
i have no idea if that is related or farmers are doing a better job of clearing out opossums now because they know opossums are carriers, but we have nt had an epm horse in at least 10 years.
i can say all of our epm horses were treated early when they were showing mild signs like shee gave and all returned to racing.
one horse even got his lifetime mark after being treated for epm.
we ve always liked big long trotters that do better on mile tracks then1 2 mile.
the only difference we noticed is that the epm horses seemed to do worse on the smaller tracks after.
it might just be coincidence or the fact those great big trotters with those extremely long backs lost a bit of fine coordination to get those gangly bodies around those tighter turns.
i do nt know.
msu does a lot of epm studies because of how common it is here.
you may want to see if you can get in touch with their epm group and get this guy in a study.
i know they did lab work showing that strongid c used daily could help prevent epm.
i believe they have a real study testing the lab work in real world situations now, but it may be some time before those results are released.
another thought with this being a mosquito season from hell could it be west nile
west nile can cause epm like symptoms and does nt always include a fever.
let us know what you decide to do.
you hate to see talent get wasted, but honestly i do nt think i could take in a horse right now these issues.
personally i think you should just keep on walking by.
you should have you chiro out before you decide if you want this horse or not.
if you have a good repoire  which i m sure you do  with them, they should be honest on if this horse is fixable to any degree ... not really sure what you want to do with him ...
even if you can figure out what is wrong with this poor poneh, there is always the chance for remission and then relapse so you may have to do deal with again in the future.
so all in all, put the money up front before taking on this horse.
a few hundred out of pocket now will possibly save you thousands once the horse is in your name.
could he have had a blow to the head causing this atrophy
or a difficult birth
was it always like this
or has it occurred since birth.
i also wonder if he might have had a slight stroke
i think if you can not afford to get him treated that you should not consider him as a prospect.
who knows what the future might hold, and it might be expensive
extremely bad customer service
do not go to this salon, especially if you have to get your hair straightened.
they did a very bad job with my hair and were extremely rude when i went back to ask them why it did nt work for my hair.
rude, insensitive, discourteous people
great doc
dr greenwalt fixed my neck from a snowboard injury and was way more effective that a regular doctor.
he did nt prescribe pain meds or other drugs, he used his bodytalk method which is unusual but the results are undeniable.
my neck is fixed.
he knows what he s doing.
our wedding 11708
we just had our wedding on 11708 and was very impressed.
cj and company did all that we ask and 10 times more.
the food was out standing.
if you need a cater that is affordable and easy to work with they are the ones.
thanks again saucey s.
mark
excellent tattoo shop
i recently got a tattoo done at aztec and i could not be happier.
it came out better than i even imagined.
the shop was great, the service was excellent and the employees were fun guys.
i would highly recommend this shop to anyone looking to get a quality tattoo done.
good and bad
i had to take care of the ants myself.
but i found the location wonderful and the neighbors very kind.
never had a problem with the staff and found them very helpful when something went wrong.
loved the pool and bbq.
because of the ants i dropped them to a3 star.
great pet care
i have used just like family several times now and they have provided great care for my two dogs.
lynda is professional and has great compassion for animals.
the real testament is not in how much she likes your animals but how much they like her.
i highly recommend her.
i found bright star tours and travels and best and affordable tour operators and tours agents in chennai, india offered me student tour india package for very less price.
i enjoyed my tour and i am looking for adventure tour and india heritage tours for valuable.
thanks for bright star tours.
these guys were fantastic
they fixed my garage doors in literally less than an hour.
the guy came on time and did nt take any breaks, he went straight to work and finished the job efficiently and promptly
i could nt be more happier with the way my garage looks.
great job guys
a
i would rate fran pcs an a  because the price was lower than everyone else, i got my computer back the next day, and the professionalism he showed was great.
he took the time to explain things to me about my computer, i would recommend you go to him.
david
this office is awesome
everyone here is super friendly and efficient
it s great to know you can get great service, great product, and for the best price all in one
i ve referred everyone i know here and they all feel the same way
i ll be coming back for years to come
criminal attorney dallas
dallas criminal attorney peter barrett is absolutely committed to vigorously supporting your rights and achieving a successful outcome.
as a qualified criminal defense attorney, he will work every possible legal  angle   leaving no stone unturned  of your case to achieve the most favorable result possible.
food was cold
i have been here3 to4 times and every time food they served seems warmed up not cooked after you order it.
i like my food hot both ways not warm or cold.
price and taste is good.
i will be happy if they can serve when food is piping hot.
kb
fast and reasonable
we went to kobey s on saturday and had our whole team s uniforms done
he was less than half of the price of the cheapest quote we got, and his work was top notch.
down to earth and fast service.
going back to have some lab coats done this weekend
we love little farmer
we attend lftd and our children love it
they even want to go to school on the weekends
they are preparing my older son for kindergarten and looks forward to seeing his teacher and friends every day.
my infant is content every day when i drop off and pick up.
pat testing quick  efficient
i rang srd pat testing and within3 hours scot had come to my premises and pat tested all my our spill the whisky barn dance band equipment, and supplied a certificate for only 70 p per unit.
fantastic, quick and efficient service.
how rare
well done.
my favorite florist
i came to la crosse to go to college, and my mom would send me birthday flowers though here.
they were beautiful and lasted forever
now that i live here, this is my favorite place to grab flowers for friends and coworkers
hands down, best place in the area
i3 max s
excellent bagels and excellent service
i go in about every morning to get bagels for myself or my coworkers and the employees at max s are great
they are friendly and fast.
i have never had a problem with their hours because i always go during the mornings.
they are great
prepared the road test with a driving ... prepared the road test with a driving school in edmonton, but my instructor only trained me in a narrow street, hence i took one 90 minute lesson from the noble driving school to learn the skill of changing lane, and found them very friendly and professional.
great doctor
dr. faris is a great doctor
i would recommend him to anyone.
i was experiencing severe back pain to the point i could barely walk or even bare to sit.
i went from a pain scale of8 9 to0 and i was able to run in the crim just a week later
happy customer
mr. squeege is the best.
prompt, clean windows.
affordable pricing.
friendly responses.
how else can excellent be described for a business of this sort
they have been my only  go  to  resource since we first did business together.
you will find the same to be true for you.
fantastic place to buy your next vehicle
we have never had a bad experience buying from edmark.
this is car number3 we ve purchased through them.
we trust and appreciate scott larson and know that he will always take good care of us and listen to our needs
thank you again for great customer service
range rover sport window tints
mark at tintman nationwide tints ltd, did a very professional job very quick, no fuss, deliverd the car to me and i drove him back home, great arrangement great price
highly recommended
thanks mark.
steve .... proud range rover sport owner  with rear tints
in this hard economic times is very important to save money very reasonable prices top quality work the owner operator he does all the the work with helpers very friendly i definitely recommend this this guys do nt get jack by big companies that they pay a lot of money to be on top of the list thanks
great pub
had a meal in this pub and i have to say it was excellant.
it has to be one of the nicest pubs that i have been into in a long time, the decor is nice and it has a really nice garden and a lovely decking area.
good beer good service and what more could you want.
awful awful awful
this store is by far the worst verizon store i ve been in.
the salespeople are never available, the lines are always too long, and all the people want is a sale.
incredibly rude and i will not return to it.
is there no other verizon to go to around downtown  dupont circle1
great graphic design work
fresh design studio helped jump  start my own business by providing affordable and effective marketing materials  logo, flyers, posters ad design, and more.
they have unbeatable price in town and deliver on time.
i enjoy working with this architectural and graphic design firm and will recommend to anyone.
great surgeon
i needed wisdom teeth taken out.
dr. wallen and staff was excellent.
they were accomdating with my scheduled and work with my insurance to get payment for the surgery.
dr. wallen explained the procedure in detail and took his time with me.
staff explained insurance procedures and was very helpful.
everyone was very nice.
the best in the area
i ve been to quite a few tattoo shops around this area and stainless steel is by far the best.
i am very pleased with the tattoos that i revived from them.
the artwork is excellent and the prices are very reasonable.
i would recommend this shop to anyone looking to get a tattoo.
cathy  five stars for lake forest tots.
the program has been a postive experience for my children.
i have had all three of my children attend lake forest tots.
the program is well established and we have been extremely satisfied with the teachers, the programs and the director.
good job, lake forest tots
great wine  service
this place is so great
they have a great selection of wine from all over the world with all different prices.
the employees make you feel very comfortable and are very helpful, whether you are very knowledgeable or do nt know anything at all about wine.
check out their wine tastings every friday night
a
excellent customer service and honest feedback.
the team at bradley chevron kept my car running for well past its expected death
they are honest about  immediate  concerns versus  recommended  repairs and have very fair prices.
such a convenient location as well with coffee shop and bradley food and beverage right around corner.
needs to go out of business
they close whenever they feel like it, often well before their listed closing time.
their store is dusty, dirty and feels like you re stepping into the 1970s.
they do nt take coupons.
they have a credit card minimum.
this place is the opposite of quiktrip  crappy in every way.
where else can you go for  10 and recieve this treatment
awesome haircut at awesome price right here in palatine
who can pass up a hot towel and a straight edge neck shave
i ve had2 cuts now from georgia and have paid more in other salons  barbershops and have not received this kind of treatment or cut
baffled by the one  star reviews
i do nt get it.
this place is awesome, with a great ambiance and cool decor, and the food is scrumptious  and especially their signature banana split .
sure, some items are a little pricey, but cm on ... have you ever been out to eat in seattle before
i ve only had good experiences at adorn, i was greeted and offered a refreshment.
i highly recommend debi, she does an amazing job, i  love  the way she cuts my hair, extremely thorough and cross checks her work to make sure my hair is perfect.
i always leave loving my hair style.
best chineese food in the area
the food here is fresh and hot out of the wok.
the food is cooked fast by the two chefs on duty.
the lunch specials are more food than most people can eat for about 6.
it is busy every day at lunch for a reason, the service is fast and the food is great.
pure pilates
it is the real thing  i have been practicing pilates for over7 years and would not go anywhere else.
it is the attention to detail and the quality of the work taught at tomipilates that sets this studio apart from the others.
the teachers are highly trained and are expert at handling all types of clients.
i phoned this company for advice on our office refurb and although we did not use them in the end  as our building contractor carried out the electrical work , they provided me with plenty of useful information over an hour phone call and subsequently we are now using pjc as our electrical maintenance contractor.
thoroughly recommended
they really go above and beyond
for example, i actually forgot to feed my cat, and they went out of their way to take care of him.
additionally, when there was confusion  my fault , they left me flowers along with a personalized gift.
they have been 100  reliable and professional.
definitely recommend
heating system angels
seriously, can you imagine having to live through these last few nights without heat
i would have had to because with the economy the way it is i ai nt haves much monies fo repairs round the house ....
comfort zone came out and did my house heat on the cheap.
and it works
thank you comfort zone
slowest, unfriendly sstaff on weekends
there are three starbucks locations that i frequent.
i have a bit of experience watching the usual assembly line.
i also understand that weekend staffs are different than daytime staffs and not necessarily starbucks a  team or even full  time.
but this location has the worst weekend staff i ve seen ever.
skip te rest  this is the best
absolutely great
clean, updated room, friendly staff, safe location.
staff is super friendly, treat you as a friend.
can not ask for a better experience.
will be staying here any and every time i come anywhere near.
overall, joe is a happy camper who has found a great spot.
photos done well
i love hellada gallery
marek dzida the owner and photographer puts whole heart in his business  if you are into old fashion  not digital  quality photography this is best place in long beach as i think not many folks can do affordable traditional photos anymore i know marek personaly and i will always recommend him
bad coffee, do nt bother
ca nt you make a decent cup of coffee
you charge so much, yet you use the same grounds over and over again.
the coffee taste burnt and very bitter.
no amount of sugar and milk can mask it.
change the process, ppl
westfield and rt1 do it well, why ca nt u
home made product
i sometimes go into this store just for something to do on a sunday afternoon.
i love the people, the product and the service
nothing compares to a home made product that really stands the test of time.
the brick, ikea, and leon s have their place.
but furniture like this will truly be around forever.
the internet here is terrible.
like the previous poster said, the com lines are split between the entire building.
that s3 x worse than qwest dsl s lowest speed offering
the outward appearance makes you think this place is nice, but everything inside is cheap cheap cheap.
moving out as soon as our lease is up.
httpwww.speedtest.netresult1155244347.png
awesome
yes my g1 screen is back working.
they was about to charge me  129 ...
but i paid  100.
they save me from having to deal with tmobile ...
tmobile want to send of my phone and i did nt want to go thru that ...
3 days for get that ...
great service.
i would recommend them to anyone ..
great out night
you ca nt go wrong with tuesday prices, even if you get quite the mixed bag of comedians
extensive drink list and daily specials but wish they had a bit more on their food menu, although popcorn is a nice touch
other items  chicken fingers, wings, asian pizza, and yam and regular fries
their food and sweets are awesome.
but service is very poor.
attitude of staff very bad.
never gives a receipt.
sometimes even gives wrong dish.
so confused at the payment area.
line up is so stupid.
even if you line up.
to make a order you may have to go to back of line.
and then wait again.
not organised.
hair by nivine in eastgardens fixed my hair after i had my hair cut and colored at another salon i felt more confident and the girls are fantastic and i ve been going there now for2 years always happy and they care about my hair had my hair done for my wedding it looked fabolous
and there prices are really good
best food in northeast
there s a reason why frank mcclelland was named best chef of the north east reigon.
food here is absolutely superb.
everything is delicous and cooked perfectly.
the waiting staff is beyond impeccable  they refold your napkin when you go to the bathroom .
if you want great food then lespalier is the place to go.
i did nt end up buying my car here, but i did think the guy who worked with me was pretty cool  he was willing to budge a little on the price which means a lot to me.
also they will fill your tires with air and other small maintenance tasks for free, even if you did nt buy your car there
the best deals in town
before you buy anything in ny, make sure you stop by jack s first.
their selection is random, so what they have on a given week might never be available again at the store.
i love it for discounted beauty items and household appliances.
trust me, you go there once and you ll always go back
first time ballerina
my daughter is starting ballet this year for the first time.
i m a soccer mom so i was nt sure what i was looking for when it comes to dancewear.
the staff was very helpful and gave me exactly what i needed for my first time ballerina.
the service at instep was great
i would recommend them to anyone
outstanding service  quality at a very affordable price
this place is top notch and highly affordable
i would recommend it hands down and am a loyal customer.
i ve also sent over a number of friends to use the services here and everyone is extraordinarily pleased
thanks for doing such great work on my important pieces of clothing that always look great
tried crust on broad on3 occasions.
twice for dinner and once for lunch absolutely rude service every time
the staff will not even answer the phone for take out.
tonight, i called several times with no answer  btwn 530 and6 pm  and finally drove there to place my order in person.
there was not a customer to be found.
we purchased a new home but was unable to sell our old house so we contacted this property management company and they have helped us quickly rent out our house and keep it maintained.
since then we have decided to have them manage our other investment properties as well as we getting older and can no longer perform all the inquires.
great help
we just got our sunroom built by patio world and can say that i m extremely happy with the whole thing.
from the amount of time spent with us to explain things during the initial quote, to the communication through the approval process to the actual workmanship of the build itself.
i have nothing bad to say.
very glad that we went with them.
no customer service
employees seemed to be having a good time chatting and laughing with each other, while myself and other customers were completely ignored.
another person in the store stood there with an item and repeatedly tried to get a sales person s attention.
it was nt until he gave up and walked out the door that someone asked can i help you.
do not bring your car here
i got a coupon from pennysaver for this station.
yes, they accepted it.
however, during the test, they did whatever they can to get my test failed.
then, they sold me overpriced stuffs, such as oil tank cap, so that my car can pass it right away.
i ended up paying much more.
are you kidding me
i do nt get it.
spongy and sweet bread  microwaved  , heartless salsa, tiny dogs ...
you order at the counter and there is a space for tip on your credit card receipt.
the dude who grills the retarded dogs is rude.
if this is the best that tucson has to offer, i am out ta here ...
i called on a friday at 1230 complaining of a severe toothache.
dr. obina told me that his office closed at noon and that i should call him on monday.
i had been a patient of dr. olbina for9 years and had spent thousands of dollars on crowns etc.
there are plenty of good dentists in fernandina.
do nt go to amelia gentle dentistry.
good location
for a hotel like this you would expect some form of free internet.
what you get is a  13  day charge to access the internet through a slow 512  512 kb  s that you can only use to check email etc  read  no downloading .
other than that the hotel is in a good location and the breakfast is great
make you feel like a number
stay away from kids first west chester.
you never get a human on the phone.
it s impossible to get an appointment.
if you get caught in traffic and are a couple minutes late they make you reschedule ... for6 weeks later.
and worst of all your child feels like a number not a patient.
go somewhere else.
rcommended by bees, too
highly recommended.
joe removed a wasp nest for our condominium building and we appreciated the environmentally friendly method and prompt, friendly and informative service.
no spraying of pesticides
very professional.
reasonable rate.
we highly recommend joe and his wasp removal service to individual home owners and condos.
he knows his bees
suzanne, vancouver
very accomodating
we were in springfield, il for a family funeral from kansas city.
we arrived early and the staff was very accomodating to our families and the situation we were in.
the rooms were very clean, including the microwave and refrigerator.
this is a nice place, and i know we will return to meet my sister  in  law from chicago
great service and people
deb watson is the contact person and she and the rest of the staff were great
she continues to help me when needed even if i have a service question.
since i m usually at work late deb has stayed around to help me out when needed.
this was after i brought the car
service does not get any better
hidden gem in alpharetta
this french born, french trained chef and his creative partners offer a taste fresh, locally sourced, fabulously prepared food in the most unlikely of locations.
try their weekend  tastings  which you can learn about by getting on their weekly email list.
it s the best meal for the money you will find in all of metro atlanta.
le petit is the best place to get your nails done
it is very clean, staff is friendly, and i have never waited
i go every other week for the shallac  gel manicure which is only  25 and it truly lasts2 weeks
i love it.
pedicures are also great.
try this place out
i promise you will not be disappointed
amazing pictures at an amazing price
rendy is totally amazing.
she gave me amazing pictures at an amazing price and made my wedding day so memorable.
she was way easy to work with and made my wedding day so easy and she got some amazing pictures, not only of me, but of my family and friends.
she is amazing.
i would recommend her to anyone
so very delicious
excellent
november7, 2010 first time eating at caffe bella italia and it was a wonderful experience.
from the delectable antipasto misto to the spaghetti alla barese and the parmigiana and ending with gelato, all was mouth watering.
too bad they were out of the chocolate lava cake.
maybe next time they will have it.
service was excellent
sandy
beware of sharayu
hopless service, at the time of booking my car a lot was promised but delivered not even one tenth of what was promised.
apart from that in spite of my repeated attempts i could not get in touch with the manager to even lodge an official complaint.
my advise to all is i have fallen into this trap ... pl ensure you do nt
course has come a long way
hcc s new nine was a little shaky at first, but the new grounds superintendant has done wonders for the course
the comment below definitely needs to be retracted
come back and give hcc a second chance at least
it is a great course for local golfers to be proud of and all the comments in 2008 have been very positive
excellent physiotherapists
kusal goonewardena and his team of physios are unbelievable
i have been suffering from back pain for over 12 years and have been to numerous specialists, physios, osteos and chiros with no help.
it took the vigor team only4 visits to get me feeling normal
and now2 months after my last appointment i am better than ever.
thanks guys
they must have read these reviews and improved
my husband and i happened in on a whim.
we sat in the front dining area, it was very cozy and pleasant.
our server was quite attentive and the food was fantastic.
my husband has been a professional chef, so he is a good judge of quality food.
this was a flavorful, enjoyable meal for both of us.
rude rude rude
went in there and got my dog groomed came home to an uneven dog then took him back to get evened up what a mistake
she did nt even let me finish a sentence without insulting me and telling me how i should have said it
i wo nt go back
she needs to develop a personality
brought dog home and it s all choppy now
it s helpful to know a quite a bit about bull fighting.
if you watch a lot of fights  youtube  and research some of the history  httpen.wikipedia.orgwikibullfighting  you will find yourself enjoying it a lot more
also after seeing a handful of bullfights, i can say that they re a lot more enjoyable if you re smashed  bac  .15 .
all i can say is that i am glad i went in
the nurses are sweet as pie and the doctor is wonderful.
this place is about healing, not making a buck.
the followup visit is free
after going to the hospital and paying er prices ... there is no way i wo nt be back here
i will be back and telling everyone about this clinic.
thank you
i just like the fact that he was able to do the specific type of repair i wanted  a reball  and give me the longest warranty and even a lower price.
someone else i found that said they could do it but wanted to charge me more and give me less warranty.
it was a no brainer really.
i choose console pros and i m happy i did.
this place is bad.
it s dark, dingy  dirty.
the salads are limp and the rest of the food is nt any better  ok, the nachos are not too bad
this place may have been something sometime  but it way past it  sell by date .
i have eaten here twice in the past year and will not go back and can not recommend it.
top range of bike, cheap prices, excellent a
yep they fixeded my thumpstar in1 day.
it wase nt going an had a gear box problem ....
i cold nt find anywere else local to fix it so i took it there and they fixed it for  150 ...
thanks guys goes really well and thaks4 the cheap price ..
excellent, top guys a  reccommend to anyone
ham s on friendly ... rip
this is the original ham s restaurant, expanded into a regional chain in the late 80s  but this one is no more.
victim of hard times and i suspect failing corporate management.
according to news accounts, the company is struggling.
i have many fond memories of my college evenings there long ago.
so long ham s ... you will be missed.
we are very pleased with the services of first glass window.
our window panes were so dirty that they needed a specialist to come and clean them.
we called few companies before we decide to hire them.
they came on time and completed their work quickly.
we were very happy how clean looked our windows.
if you have some problems with your windows, you should call them.
great help even near closing time
i came in to town for a week and forgot my trainers
oh no
i came in 30 min before close and the staff was super helpful.
they spent a lot of time with me and got me into a great pair of shoes.
i think they may even be better than the pair i have been using this past year
thanks run on
great
this is a perfect place to get your hair done.
i have gone there time and time again whenever i need to get my hair done or when i want a haircut.
when i get my hair done there, they use enough hairstyling products while it does not ruin your hair.
the service is great and during weekends it tends to get busy, but the wait is worthwhile.
highly recommend
i have worked with shannon as my massage therapist and intuitive bodyworker for years and have never been disappointed.
no matter what state i am in when i arrive, i always leave feeling better.
she has not only helped me through some challenging computer  work and sports related injuries, she was wonderful to work with throughout my pregnancy and beyond.
i highly recommend her.
best store in boothbay harbor
what a fantastic store, i love this place.
not the same old stuff that all the other stores have.
their items are very unique, great quality, great prices.
they also have the best tea i ever had, not at all like the junk you get at the grocery stores, i stock up when ever there because they are closed in the winter.
the best
dr. aster and her team have been a strong advocate in the health of both my daughters.
dr. aster is very kind an gentle with the children, but also positive and to the point with the parents.
she is and excellent doctor to have on one s team.
even though i live pretty far from her office i still make the trip so my daughters will have the best
my wife and i avoided doing some fairly simple electrical rewiring in our home for several years due to overall hassle and cost involved.
i finally called matt from bonafide and he made the project both easy for us and reasonable.
he was prompt, knowledgable, friendly, clean and just an overall great guy who obviously cares about his business.
i will reccommend his services however  whenever possible
real pros
i ve had writer friends describe horror stories with their printers.
i tell them  why not just go with these guys
richard joule and the gang are pros from start to finish.
they set out to exceed your expectations.
already i m considering future projects, and i can assure you that for my printing needs i will be choosing no other than atlanta paperback book printing.
i have been here3 times and all3 times it has been bad
they have messed up my order and .... the food was just not good
i had sonic in many other palces but for some reason this sonic is always just covered in grease and not good ...
i hope they get there act together ...
i am going to give it one last chance in next few months and see
i called them for an estimate and they insulted me when i ask them questions.
they are very rude and nasty.
please do nt use this moving company if you do nt want to  cry, have trouble and a bad experience on the day of your move.
they will give you a low price over the phone and on the day of your move they will change the price, i guarantee it.
you ve got maids did a fabulous job cleaning my home.
i am hiring them to come once a week now that they got my house to where they can maintain it for only an hour and a half every two weeks
satisfactory for sure with the sercvice
beats having one  cleaning lady  who took twice as long and did not do a very through job like the  maids  did
this place has the best baby and children s clothes.
especially high end keep sake sort of clothing that you just ca nt find in a lot of stores.
it is all very unique and you wo nt find any other baby wearing the same stuff.
i spent quite a bit because i spoil my little princess.
after all she will only be a baby for so long i figure why not enjoy it.
antique lighting, fixtures, chicago
great place for antique lighting
i visited their huge chicago lighting showroom and all i have to say is wow
lots of collections, many antique light fixtures, chandeliers, custom lighting etc.
i think they have the largest collection for chandeliers chicago.
antiques, vintage, contemporary  modern chandeliers.
i would recommend them for any custom lighting or lighting repair and restoration chicago
great food awesome food awesome service
i wanted to try someplace new again.
this place rocked.
brought my wife deb with me and she like the fried crab wontons and said they were good ..
we also had the bbq spare ribs .. good also.
i ordered the moo shu pork and it was great ..
i also ordered the neptune platter which was awesome ... so this place gets5 out of5 stars.
do not go here
i went to get my nails filled friday, by monday2 were broken.
i was not happy with the way they looked, very wavy, uneven edges, and with the exception of1, there is a dip in the center of each nail.
i also had a pedicure, and they cut my nails too short, one of my big toes looks like it s getting infected.
no way.
i m certainly no expert on asian food in fact not even a lover of vietnamese food but i wanted to try the real things here at a dong.
cold, slimy, tasteless however is the same in all languages and foods.
not good, not great, and again another disappointment in central iowa.
how do these places stay in business.
this town needs some food soul and this is not it.
worth every penny
my girlfriend and i ate at the grill last night, and our experience was amazing.
everything we ordered was prepared to perfection, and was presented perfectly.
the asparagus, seared tuna, and lobster tail were the best we ever had.
then the desserts came, and they were hands down the best dessert we ever had.
i will sum it up with, it was worth every penny
best chinese restaurant ever
it was the best chinese food i have ever had.
all the food tasted excellent, and with the new renovation of chairs and the bathroom, it is awesome.
the people working their are also extremely polite and friendly.
every time i go, kevin, the manager, will always remember my family and i.
overall, it is very family oriented, and i recommend it to everyone
furnace repair
tiger heating is awesome.
i had john and dustin working feverishly to get my exhaust motor replaced.
these guys were absolutely professional.
john was here in 45 minutes after i called on a 10 below zero early sunday morning.
if you need someone to help you out with your heating problems, i definitely would call tiger heating and air.
absolutely a wonderful company.
my family and i thank you
they suck
go somewhere else ...
wanted to buy a rhino 700 and a grizzly 700.
after searching high and low for a salesman, i was treated like dirt, and we left.
parts department blows, service department is even worse.
i live 10 minutes from cycle city, but i drove 50 mile south to peachstate powersports in lagrange, dealt with the owner, levi, and was well taken care of.
professional and inspiring
nigel from nidd design has always provided a first class service, from his advice and professionalism to the quality of his design drawings and planning applications.
his knowledge and expertise help smooth the way with any planning application, ensuring compliance with the building regulations.
once you have met nigel you will not want to work with anyone else.
he really does turn your dreams into reality for your home
we came at around 730 and they close at8 and wanted to try the specials but they were out for the day so i would say go way before they close.
got the crab rangoon which was great, tofu with cabbage which was spicy but good and shrimp satay which was also good.
def going to come back and try this place again.
bea was really nice and asked how the food was.
cute place also
as a native southern californian i can tell you that this is not authentic mexican food.
however, i still like this place a lot.
esp. the mole, tortilla soup, and guacamole.
margaritas are alright.
my only complaint is the queso.
it used to be fabulous, why did you guys change it
queso should not be watery  .....
update  never mind
they fixed the queso
thank you thank you
there are so many wonderful great places to dine in houston .... do nt. waste your time here.
i had the morelias enchiladas.
the sauce was dry and the enchiladas did not taste good. at all.
in fact my friend vomited after our meal.
maybe we ordered the wrong dish but my experience here was poor.
service was okay not great, we came for a late lunch.
i do nt recommend this place.
skylight repair
my skylight was making a horrible noise when the wind blew.
james bateman came the day i called and fixed the problem quickly and efficiently.
he also inspected my entie roof to see if there was anything else that needed attention.
he called the next day to see if everything was to my satisfaction.
when the next hailstorm blows through, i will not hesitate to contact james at team texas construction.
tricky short guy
the new management is tricky and talk you into getting video rental agreement.
to my surprise  20 deposit .... new movies not on shelf .. under the counter for telugu speaking people only ... or people who spend  30 or more groceries ..
that did it for me .. no more raina s.
besides parking is a pain .. cramped and unruly with kumon parents next door .... gives me heebee gee bees
small firm with great service
bloom legal was really attentive to my problem, and seth bloom took the time to help me understand the legal issue i was dealing with.
i much preferred the one  on  one service here to the experiences i ve had with bigger offices and firms.
while i hope i do nt have any need for a lawyer anytime soon, if i do i ll definitely use this firm again.
used their service for the first time and was immediately impressed by their professionalism  received a phone call soon after order was placed to confirm details  and the subsequent delivery of my gift  to split, croatia  was as requested.
the gift itself was exactly as described and pictured in the catalogue and of the highest standard.
would highly recommend to anyone requiring overseas gift delivery.
danny  australia
i love my gym
fitness unlimited is a second home to a lot of us gym members who work out daily.
if you are serious about working out in a noncommercial like atmosphere then you have chosen the best place to be.
this is the most humble gym you will every step into .... if you dare to work on your body do nt be surprised when you see how addicting going to fitness unlimited can be
overrated ...
this restaurant is overrated.
it is hard to find ... and the mexican food is bland, almost equivalent to eating out of a can.
the service is poor ...
i asked for a fried egg on my enchiladas ... and did not get it.
secondly, the enchladas did not come with enchilada sauce .. but chili ... like hormel s chili .. the cheese was american cheese
the chili relleno .. had no batter on it.
i googled restaurants in the area and fuji sushi came up and reviews were great so i made a carry out order of  l 17.
mixed tempura ..................... 8.25 shrimp or vegetable tempura  salad.
i was very happy with the customer service and even more please with the portion size, to go box set up and quality of the food for the price.
i m very happy and will definitely dine in and carry out again.
learn from a cesar gracie black belt and former ufc fighter
when i say jiu  jitsu or mma i mean it
best jiu  jitsu mma in santa rosa and i have the experience and belt to back it up
when you come to ncfa you will see a real instructor that teaches and trains everyday
if your coach has no fights and you never see him train and sweat something is wrong
dave terrell www.norcalfightingalliance.com
good pizza at a good price
i just moved nearby and have tried several of the local places, this was the first one and i should have just stuck with it.
the pizza is usually pretty good, the only bad one we got was on a friday night and it just needed to be cooked a little more, but it was still good.
their bbq chicken pizza is one of the better ones i have ever had.
horrible service
absolute horrible service from the parts department.
they are very rude over the phone and in person.
they talk down to you like they are supreme beings, if you hate your job so much then quit
how these guys can get away with being so rude with people is mind blowing.
i will never do business with sun toyota again.
thank god there are plenty of toyota dealerships to choose from in this city.
this is a good place
i have been here before and the service was absoulutely great.
they had a great selection of colors to choose from and their seats are super comfty.
i enjoy going there although i ve only been there once, i will be returning toda to recieve a pair of french tips and i will only go to the best and to me the best is here.
i reccomend you to go and enjoy their wonderful hospitality.
anna marie and govind are very sweet people, and the minute you steep into their school, the calm loving atmosphere takes over, and tension and worries stay outside in the street, whether or not you pick them up again after class is probably a question of practice.
a wonderful place, if you want more than just the physical side of yoga.
give yourself the gift of trying this place, to see if it fits you ...
they do nt seem to be interested in selling cars.
went there yesterday  we are trying to decide between two different honda models, so we wanted to test  drive both back to back.
the salesperson refused
claimed he was too busy for two test drives.
we were the only customers there
do nt waste time, just drive 10 minutes more down to stevens creek, they actually do try to help their customers there
ate here a couple times.
it is not a high end steak house, more of the cuisine brett enjoys in mississippi.
so, if you want a burger and fries, well, it is ok.
if you want a little cajunish food  it is good.
if you want a steak, well, this is not the best in green bay.
overall decent but if you are expecting a ruth chris type steak, this is not it.
eulogic
good place to be on a sunday night.
the beers were good, nice choice of beers as well, and as usual the mussels were great, the place upstairs is a nice addition to the bar downstairs.
filled up on too much beer and hence can not comment on the food.
but the menu had standard stuff that one would get at a belgian tavern.
if you are a handcraft beer person, this is a fantastic place to be.
perfect location plus
i moved into the tanglewood apartments in late 2008 and it s been a refreshing change.
i used to live at meadowrun and that was a nightmare.
the manager  tiffany  is actually very nice so i m a bit surprised by other comments.
she s very reachable and she has always responded quickly to any questions or requests.
plus she plans a monthly breakfasts and other events at the clubhouse which is a nice added benefit.
great service  deals  support this local business
i have used these guys for new snows, fixing lots of flats, used replacement tires, and oil changes.
they have the best prices locally and good customer service.
one guy is a little surley, but who gives a crap as long as your car s work is outstanding.
and they re usually able to help you as a walk  in, and they re fast.
overall  good stuff.
another great business bites the dust
the best cakes ever
a bit pricey, so i did nt go very often, but it was always a treat when i did.
the prices were worth what i got.
i m assuming they are completely out of business since i ca nt find any contact information.
i m hoping the bakers continue to do their baking out of another place, because it would be a shame not to have these cakes any longer.
super nice people, really good food
what i love most about this place, other than the food, is that eating here makes you feel like you re in a small town rather than baltimore.
the owners are really nice, they serve good food at a good price, and the option to eat outside on the deck  esp on the weekend whether there is hardly any traffic  is great.
one of my top5 places to eat in baltimore.
overpriced
this place is identical to the youngstown sports grille, so i imagine they are owned  operated by the same people.
the food is mediocre at best, and largely overpriced given the portion size and quality.
do nt even get me started on how expensive it is to drink there.
i have ate here3 times since they first opened, and the service has been poor each time, the staff always comes across as somewhat rude and slow.
apps4 salad3 entree 3.5 wine5  nov 07
enjoyed this cozy little spot with a group of8 folks.
service was excellent.
food was excellent.
wine was excellent.
i was feeling the need for some fish so i had the salmon which was very good but the steaks looked amazing and if i am in town again, i ll definitely order a steak.
a perfect place for a romantic dinner.
lots of  pretty people  dining inside.
great staff.
very helpful
they interviewed me, gave me tests in the software i included on my resume, and placed me in a position that i kept for several years.
reinterviewed and am going on interviews for a new job.
i m really thankful for the folks at hr office.
they are dependable, have great connections in the community, and are a great resource for finding a job.
i highly recommend them to all of my friends
great experience  consider checking out their puppies before buying from a breeder
i adopted a 3.5 month old yellow lab last winter from the dumb friends league.
the staff was very helpful in finding the right dog for me and the care my pup received was outstanding.
if you are on the lookout for a pure breed pup do nt forget to check out the shelters
my pup has a wonderful temperment and has been a wonderful addition to my family
food good, service poor
no silverware, asked for a spoon for my son s mac and cheese ended up having to use my tea spoon.
asked for bar  b  que sauce never got it.
never checked back with us once we got our food.
had to go the the bus boy s station ourselves to get napkins.
only one server, too buys talking with others i guess.
food was good, but service means a lot to me.
dr. chao you are the best dentist i have ever had.
you are knowledgeable, professional, gentel and kind.
i wish i had you as my dentist early on in my life  maybe my teeth would have been a lot better then they are now, however i am glad you are my dentist now.
even though you are expensive.
thank you for helping to preserve my teeth.
you are meticulous in your work and it shows in my smile.
con garage
i brought my car in for a simple emissions test.
i guess they figured me for an easy mark, and tried to explain that my car would nt pass unless i replaced a hose.
ten minutes later, i took my car down the street and it passed the emissions test with flying colors.
if you re a fan of herpes, being ripped off, and child molesters, this is the garage for you.
if not, go somewhere else.
rude service
even though i have never tried hoa salon but i agree with other reviewers that they are rude.
i called and asked about the price for hair updo and the receptionist or owner who aswered the phone refused to tell me, or even just give me an approximate price range.
he told us to stop by the salon and then he will tell us the price.
what kind of rude service is that
i do nt want to waste my time with them.
top notch eats
so here we are in manson.
manson
yes, manson.
right near chelan.
aka nowheresville.
and this litttle gem of a7  table restaurant is a complete and utterly wonderful surprise.
a short but wide  ranging menu executed with innovative perfection in a cozy hole in the wall just off the main street.
fantastic food served without pretense, very reasonably priced wine selections.
a great place to go for dinner after a day of wine tasting.
excellent service and reasonable prices
boutique stores dealing in children s clothing  gifts are often outrageously priced  who wants to pay 40 dollars for a newborn onesie
but i was pleasantly surprised to find that the purple goose s prices are reasonable  for the same products found at other area boutiques, the prices were 20  25  cheaper .
the service was also excellent  friendly, helpful and informative without being overbearing.
will definitely return.
consistantly poor
a lack of organisation, coupled with the distain for its customers, makes this the worst rental agency i have used.
chasing them on issues from the day i moved in  many of them still unresolved as i left  to all sorts of farcical issues with funds, after i left.... as soon as i could.
if you must use them, be vigilant and be ready to push, if you can go elsewhere then i would.
amazing night  great party spot
went to the willow lounge this past weekend for dinner and drinks ... place is awesome.
had to keep in mind that the a  c broke, i feel bad it was their opening
anyway, once that is fixed, this place will be amazing.
drinks were awesome, prices reasonable, and staff friendly.
this is an awesome date spot that the area seriously needs.
check out the willow lounge, you ll be happy
it s been a few years since i have been to ipanema.
but my wife and i first went there thinking it would be brazilian food  think lots of meat , but it turned out to be a vegan restaurant
and, i can say, this was one of my favorite places to eat in all of richmond.
amazing
do nt let the nondescript building entrance fool you, these are some creative and talented chefs ... two thumbs way, way up
excellent food, fantastic wait staff
i recently threw a surprise birthday party for my wife at fraiser s.
we had 30 guests for the event, and everyone came away from the evening impressed with not only the food, but the outstanding service as well.
the management was easy to deal with during the planning stages, and the execution by the kitchen and wait staff was flawless.
i highly recommend fraiser s for anyone planning a special event for friends, family or business.
fantastic store
i came upon this store as the building caught my eye.
it s located in the huge honka log homes building, by walmart off of evergreen parkway.
the store was decorated with furnishings  accessories.
the friendly crew working was great  very helpful.
this store is what colorado is all about.
also, i purchased some furniture last year and all has been great
its durability  look was perfect and i will definitely be adding to my collection soon
lovely people, great hats
i was saddened to see the reviews that claimed world hats mart has poor service.
it led me to believe that the reviewers simply had difficulty tolerating people with strongly  accented english.
the husband and wife who run this spot are lovely people.
we have had many conversations with them and they have always been extremely patient with me as i tried on multiple hats in search of the right costumes for my magic act.
i recommend them highly
do nt ever go there, not even if your car flips.
their service sucks to start off with, people are cruel and ignorant.
i m compeltly dissatisfied with their service and their products.
they do not have a return policy and even if their product sucks, they will not take it back
do not ever go here.
i prefer advanced auto parts over this crappy place with the meanest people.
and they thrive to get a customer.
do not go here .. thank you
horrible
i have been growing my hair out for1 year plus and went in to get1 inch taken off.
i walked out with5 inch long hair on the top,2 inch long hair on the sides, and 1.5 in the back.
my hair is uneven and it looks rediculous.
this woman should be working in supercuts ... if that.
this was a terrible experience and i hope that no one else goes through that.
do your self a favor and do not go to this establishment.
the worst burger king restaurant
i generally like the bk over the other fast serving restaurants  however, i regreted to visit this restaurant at my town.
this is a shame of my adorable town, branford.
i ordered a kid meal with a milk and found a bottle was half opened already.
i asked them to change it but they rudely said that it was okay.
disgusting french fries is very best menu.
do nt go, or you will learn how to waste your money.
disappointed
the bad  i was at napa recently and was unpleasantly surprised at poor waiter svce and subpar food.
we were a party of4 and none of us were particularly pleased with our dishes.
napa is all about wine but gives very short descriptions of the wines on their lists.
i found my initial selection satisfactory but the wine flight we chose to be poorly composed.
if you must go ask lots of questions about your selections since your expectations may as high as mine were.
highly recommended
we walked in to pick our little man at 10 minutes to closing and heard laughter from kids and the staff.
the facilities are more than adequate and the staff are just phenomenal.
their sense of humour and calmness when dealing with the little ones amazes me every time i walk in.
we have since moved slightly further away from the centre but it s worth the extra travel, as the care provided exceeds our expectations ... especially after a few horrendous daycare experiences elsewhere.
horrible
this has to be some of the worst pizza i have ever had the misfortune of ordering.
the crust was lopsided, thicker on one side than the other.
it actually had a hole in one of the slices.
there was minimal cheese and sauce and it completely lacked flavor.
i know new york pizza and this is not it
this was nothing like new york style pizza.
i love pizza and this was a complete and utter disappointment
i would not suggest this pizza to anyone
best quote ever my gate was stuck halfway open so i called a class garage doors dr services.
they came to my house in no time and started working on the gate.
they were very friendly and were able to explain me exactly what was wrong with it.
once they fixed it they answetred all of my questions with no hesitations and then gave me the best quote ever.
i know that if my garage door needs to be repaired, i will be calling a class garage doors
you will be happy at this store
allen tire was recommended by friend after my having bad tire experiences in temecula.
the store manager, jim smith, made an excellent tire recommendation for my newly acquired lexus.
tires were the right price and now the car feels like it is riding on rails around turns.
the store is clean, run very professionally and a pleasure to be in.
they know their job and you do not have to watch them to be sure everything is done right.
easiest time i ever had purchasing a car
excellent service, not only did they get the exact car i wanted win in 48 hours but the sales man also took me out to lunch.
very kind and reliable.
i highly recommend this dealership if you would not like to hassle on price and receive friendly service.
i have since purchased two cars from this dealership, the first one was from phillip and the second was from richard.
both were excellent sales men who put my needs first.
this place has done a great job of taking care of the usual maintenance on my hooptie.
i also never have to wait long for a yearly inspection sticker ... and never get the usual excuses other shops always gave me ...  the inspection guy is nt here today  .... for example.
today i went into kwik kar and there were two cars in front of me for inspection ... but i was still out of there pretty quick ... barely had time to read a chapter in my book.
extremely helpful and professional
as first  time home buyers, my husband and i found stephanie fairchild at prudential steamboat realty, extremely helpful.
she worked with us for over a year, helping us find our perfect home.
stephanie s knowledge of the market and properties in our price range, made us feel secure in our decision to buy when we did.
we would highly recommend stephanie to anyone looking for a home in the yampa valley.
we appreciated her patience, knowledge and kindness
great barber
firstly, the other reviewer clearly has never been to nick s, or he would know that nick only charges  13 for a haircut which is pretty much industry standard.
i have been going to nick for5 months now precisely because he does pay attention to detail.
i have terrible hair and he really takes his time to make it look right.
some of the younger kids that work there are a bit sub par, but if you wait for nick ... you ll be good.
ugh
got some nice  freshly baked  fruit squares, a personal favorite of mine.
took a bite, it tasted odd.
flipped the square over and saw it riddled with green mold
ugh
i called the store and the clerk giggled, and agreed that it was gross, but said it was not her problem.
she also refused to get a manager.
i left my number, or tried to anyway.
same clerk had considerable difficulty taking down a number.
i ll never go back there again
for cheap chinese food, this is the place to go.
i used to eat at places like new china or green buffet in troy, mo  nothing terrible but not that great.
now, i wo nt eat fast food chinese unless it s from this place.
the best value i ve found from a chinese restaurant.
i do nt live in lake st. louis anymore, but deliveries were always correct and the service courteous.
now i have to be in the area to get some lovin  sad face
amazing experience
my experience was amazing at providence aesthetics and medical spa.
jana kueck was nothing but professional.
she makes you feel like you are the most important person in the world.
jana made me feel very comfortable.
provided me with warm blanket and has soft music playing.
walking in the door you are made to feel happy and relaxed.
equipment is state of the art.
i would reccomend anyone to go see jana kueck and robin talley to see all the many procedures they have to offer.
dave is a patient and methodical teacher, who has a great ear and sensitivity for his students  passion and the direction they want their lessons to take.
also, he loves teaching so much, his price is unbeatable, but that does not change his level of skill.
dave has much to offer.
in just2 3 focused lessons, i m already now capable of picking up new songs off youtube guitar how to videos and am even writing my own orginals with confidence
jason
we love our new roof
we would like to thank you for the roofing job you did on our home.
everything was done on a timely manner and things were cleaned and picked up every day when the crew was done.
we also liked the way that ray checked on the job every day.
and when the job was done every thing was cleaned up and hauled off that same day.
we would not hesitate to use spears roofing again.
we have already recommended you to some of our friends
omfg
i fucking hate this place every time i go this hot chick shows up and i mean really hot but she is like reaaaally dumb and then their is this other chick that is realy ugly but she is like super smart she could be a scientist, but then their is this stoner who always comes here high and he always brings his fucking dog who is so high from the second hand smoke i think he is trying to talk.
anyway we drive around in my van and solve mysterys and shit
amazingly yummy
i just got back from france yesterday and just missed the food already
my sister in law told me about this amazing new crepe place in town, i was so excited i just wanted to go and test it out for my self
their customer service was perfect
their food was better then anything i had ever tasted.
even in france
i would highly recommend this place to anyone looking for a great atmosphere, amazing food, and great customer service
thank you roll up crepes
this is one of the worst places i have stayed, we cut out stay short and went to the mulberry.
even though they still charge you the days you booked but wo nt use, it is worth the get the hell out of this crap hole.
the whole experience shows a hotel managed by what must be a2 star hotel manager.
bad service starting from the front desk.
the best person is the valet.
short of that, avoid this place, as a silver marriott member, this is a disgrace.
best place in ames
i lived here for two years when the prices were a little lower  the places are very nice and clean, and in great condition
i really enjoyed the staff at wessex, also the manager sherri was always very nice and helpful.
the fitness center was great
the only problem that i had in2 years of living there was that the walls are pretty thin, sometimes i could here my neighbors conversations.
i would recommend these apartments to anybody
i absolutely loved living there.
the best service ever
i have never had better service.
my car broke down and roadside towed my vehicle to sussman kia.
they squeezed me in and had me back up and running in no time.
everyone was pleasant and very helpful.
the service department even gave me a ride home and picked me up when my car was finished.
the advisor kept me up to date and informed on the progress of my vehicle.
i give this dealer an a
i will definitely be bringing my car back for service.
heaven on earthhhhhhh
must try
a
this place is the best.
i hated sushi before but now i ca nt stop eatting it
nice service, and excellent food.
everything in here seems to amaze me
their grill dishes are out ta this world and sushi is just fabulous
i eat here at least5 days a week.
they have excellent sushi chef special rolls for a fair price and so is the grill orders.
a
juno and open i love you guys
no homo  d
friendly, fine food
the one  star review from 2005 is out of date.
there was a change of ownership a couple of years ago and service is both quick and extremely friendly.
the food continues to be very good  deli sandwiches, homemade soups, fresh salads.
the atmosphere may not be for everyone.
it is a bustling place where separate parties are seated at the same table  as in many european cafes , but if you are ok with that, the food is very good.
love the soups.
the new italian kid on the block
another italian restaurant in collingswood
do we need another one
only if it is of the quality of that s amore.
the menu has the usual but then they step it up another notch.
the arancini di riso  risotto fritters  are not to be missed.
chicken saltimboca was excellent and then there s the chocolate mousse that comes straight from heaven.
pay extra attention to the appetizers  the next time i go there i m planning on ordered a few instead of an entree.
auto towing is one of the best towing services i have used.
the first time i used them they arrived on time and towed car for me to the destination i needed.
the auto mechanics that work for auto towing are very friendly and informative and answered any question i had.
they have towed car for me a few times and i am always very satisfied with this services.
if you are looking for towing services that can offer you a good towed car service, then auto towing is the company for you.
a very satisfied new customer
as a very satisfied new customer, i wholeheartedly recommend united air duct cleaning.
they are professional, knowledgeable, and take meticulous care and pride in accomplishing their work.
not only were my wife and i very pleased, but i also had the air duct quality tested professionally by the home inspector that i regularly use, before and after united air duct performed their work.
based on the test results, the home inspector stated that the quality of their job was  excellent .
the best breakfast in solana beach
we love t s cafe
without a doubt the best place to grab a tall bloody mary and some eggs benedict.
t s has been a north county landmark for thirty years and with good reason.
family owned and operated makes sure the atmosphere is relaxed and the food home  cooked with style.
i highly recommend picking up a jug of their homemade bloody mary mix  definitely the best.
if you ve been to north county, chances are it s in your favorites list already.
prominent builders nj
prominent builders in new jersey are one the best building contractors, i was referred to them by my friend, i am so glad i used them for my home renovation, and addition.
they were very professional, respectful, completed the job on time, and well below my budget.
mike one of owners was awesome, he explained the detailed plan, and executed on time, i am always going use them and refer them to many friends i can because of the great job they did me.
great dude cut
great service, cool vibe, impeccable style.
i m a guy with tricky hair so getting that right is job 1.
after going through5 other places i finally found janice at alta moda.
not only was it a good cut but my wife and friends comment on my hair every time i leave ... saying it s the best look i ve ever had.
either i suck at my own style or janice is a genius.
looks like there s a lot of talent in this place.
worth every penny.
my favorite place at wildwood
i have been going to the wildwood, nj for over 30 years for summer vacations and always call the madrid first.
i rated it5 stars.
i am not saying it is a5 star hotel.
i am saying when comparing all other hotels in wildwood, this hotel has everything that we are looking for.
it is the hospitality from tom and staff, that makes it feel like a5 star hotel in the middle of the beach.
we prefer the layout of rooms and it is always clean.
when in scordia, sicily
if ever in sicily please take the time to visit anna maria jose mudo and her familia.
they are and always will be the nicest people in sicily that you will meet.
you will also have the pleasure of learning the italiano language.
you will also have the experience of learning the bella sicilian culture, that i have fallen in luv with.
i will4  ever be eternally grateful for their hospitality and luv that my sicilian family showed me when i was there for3 years.
luv always ..
i ve never felt the need to write a review or make a complaint before, but after the way i was spoken to by a member of staff at the kennels  whose name i believe to be mrs closs  i would now not recommend this business to anybody.
if the animals are treated in the same way the customers are treated then this leaves a lot to be desired
nobody should be spoken to like that regardless of how bad their day may have been or what may be going on in their private lives
best car dealer in tx
i purchased a nissan from this dealship.
the sales men were very knowledgeable about every aspect of every car we looked at.
they were very patient and helpful from showing the cars to doing the paperwork.
the paperwork was a very easy and smooth.
they tried to run my credit score as less as possible so it wo nt hurt my score.
overall, i was very happy with the customer service and my purchase.
if you re looking to buy a car, definitely give them a call.
they have a huge inventory.
i have been a patient a nw hospital and it was great.
i have also had an 80 yr old that i take of sent to the er and long stays in the hospital.
yes, we had to wait, but er is a triage system that takes the most life threatening cases first.
any er would be the same.
as far as being treated like a drug seeker, that has not been my experience.
as a nurse i know about drug seekers.
this is a great hospital and even better since it became part of the uw system.
wonderful experience
i had immense pain on a sunday morning, with friends and family telling me that i would never find a dentist on a sunday.
dr. taylor was not only available on a sunday, but also was able to immediately take care of me.
he was incredibly informative about the options i had, giving me opinions on different treatments to choose from.
coming from a person who hates the dentist in general, dr. taylor was the best
he really made the visit a pain free one with excellent service
i would recommend him to everyone
horrible
this school is the worst one i ve ever been to.
i attended it for2 years, and that was enough.
there s holes everywhere in the ceiling, sewage constantly leaks through the ceiling, and the whole condition of the school is horrible.
the staff and the principal are rediculous, they do nt listen to any input, and they make up rediculous rules  they banned backpacks, because a teacher tripped over a student s .
the education is horrible at best, do society a favor, and do not send your student here.
excellent customer service and quality work.
they went the extra mile to repair my cowboy boots  they had to have a special kind of paper that looked like wood grain to fix the heels.
that was4 years ago.
i have nt been able to find a shoe repair place in seattle since that has been able to do it.
i ve been through at least5 places already.
if i had time to drive to tacoma before they closed during the work week, i would just so i could get those boots fixed properly again.
so handy for local la jolla stuff  especially for finding residential numbers
since moving back from college and trying to settle roots in the village, i have referred to the la jolla blue book for a ton of local numbers.
the white pages allowed me to get in touch with parents of my high school friends so that i could track people down one by one and the restaurant section is basically my cookbook.
it s really cool that so many local businesses are found so quickly in one place and i want to spread the word.
thx
the staff do occasionally get game info correct, but if you r looking fot a good game and are nt a nerd, do nt ask them.
the last time i did that i was suggested to buy oblivion when i told them i was looking for a fps.
i knew what it was and told the guy that it was nt a fps.
he tried to tell me it was when i told asked him if he knew what fps stood for and he had no clue.
overall they are nt very knowledge about the type of games are on the market.
first and last time we ll eat there
my friend and i went there for lunch today.
neither one of us had ever been  so we thought we d try it.
big mistake  the food was tasteless and cold.
we both kept trying to find something we liked.
the only thing i found edible were the potato wedges, i finally gave up, he kept trying  he found the fried wantons to be ok  his mongolian bowl was awful.
would not recommend this place to anyone  in fact  save your money and go somewhere else.
liquidweb.com rocks
i am not a client of liquidweb.com, but one of my friend called steven is the client having several websites.
i work with him and since past6 years he is hosting his websites to liquidweb.
as i have gone through many reviews sites to see if any provider is providing better services or not, and i have realized that there were many good reviews about liquidweb also steven never faced any server issues in his whole hosting.
the kind of support they provide is simply great
i would like to host my upcoming website to liquidweb.com
hino dealer of the year
congratulations prestige hino
you have been awarded the converted hino dealer of the year
each of you should be proud of your massive contributions throughout the year
major awards  overall hino dealer of the year.
overall hino finance dealer of the year.
major awards  market leader overall, dandenong pma, sales.
market leader medium duty, sales.
well done to anthony and the team
bronze award service excellence, metro.
well done to brendan and the team
gold award parts excellence, metro.
well done to jason and the team
simple but perfect
if you want flashy fancy food stacked high with lots of fussy garnishes, this is not the place for you.
if you want perfectly executed simple dishes that feature a few exquisite ingredients, you ll love vetri.
hands  down the best pasta and gnocchi i ve ever eaten  and i ve eaten a lot .
the antipasti were amazing, the wines were mind  blowing, the service could nt have been better.
i ve dined at lots of high  end restaurants and i ve never before felt my money was so well spent.
great prices, great service
i ve been to this shop twice  once for an inspection and again for an oil change  and they truly live up to their name  discount
they have all kind of coupons available for car washes, oil changes, state inspection, etc.
the thing is, you still get high quality service at nicely discounted rates
there is even free coffee and bottles of water if you d like.
the owner is a pleasant guy and i would trust my car with him or any of his workers.
top notch, all the way
david is amazing
david is the most helpful and creative photographer that i have used.
he is willing to do whatever you need from him without hesitation.
he was patient and adapted when everything did nt go according to schedule on my wedding day.
both the engagement and wedding pictures that he took for us we absolutely amazing.
he got the pictures back to me quickly.
i would highly recommend david to anyone.
he will exceed your expectations
he does nt just take pictures he makes art out of them and you wo nt even notice that there s a camera there.
not so great
my husband just got a bike there as a gift he s only had it a month.
it s a nice bike and it cost a lot of money.
but just this week a peddle broke.
he took it back and they would not honor a warranty and said it was his fault because of his shoes
so they were going to charge him for new peddles and proceeded to put them on without even telling him the price.
which was very expensive.
he asked for a different pair instead and they only gave him five dollars off
trek is not so great
only concerned with money
i have been getting my treatments for a few months now and have seen some results but not up to the standards that i was told i should expect.
the people there attempt to come across and professional and nice, but i was disappointed with their customer service.
never miss an appointment because they will charge you the price of a treatment, even if you had an emergency.
it s pretty ridiculous
they want to squeeze as much as they can from you even if you just got in a car accident
they do nt care one bit about you
terrible service
made an appointment to have them come to the house to discuss curtain options and give an estimate.
they sent over someone who said he knows nothing about curtains and could not show me fabric options or give an estimate.
when i called the manager to complain, she said she knew the guy did nt know about curtains and that the usual lady called in sick hours earlier
instead of rescheduling they chose to waste my time instead.
so what was the point of the appointment
to just come over and hang out
i will never do business with this company
ever
internet department is rude and insulting
i was looking to bring a customer to their lot to buy a car but the internet salesperson last name is balazick sent me this email  and if it was worth my time i would of bothered aswering your questions.
i make money not deal with brokers  wow, can you believe in today s tough times this dealership would be looking for any way to move vehicles.
as a previous internet manager i would deal with anyone looking to buy a car for a profit and not care if they came in with a broker.
stay away from this dealership
this place is a rip  off
i brought a car in to have the  check engine  light diagnosed back in march of 2010.
they said it was  plugs and wires  and quoted me  330 to do the work, including parts.
i asked why so high and they said it was due to the labor of moving things out of the way.
those things ended up being a windsheild washer fluid tank 1 screw  and the air filter canister 4 spring clips .
i did the work myself for  50.
there s no excuse for that kind of estimate.
my girlfriend and i took a chance on this place because we did nt want to wait in line at outback.
what an amazing find  this restaurant is a gem.
1 it s immaculately clean.
2 the decor is tasteful and artistic, from the comfortable chairs to the elegant light fixtures .... and  most importantly  3 the food is fantastic.
this is authentic cuban cuisine  fresh ingredients expertly prepared and seasoned perfectly.
the portions were generous and we got out for less than the cost of one entree at some chain restaurant.
try this place  you ll love it.
thank you for helping me get more healthy
i came in and saw dr. ruona about a month ago for quitting smoking.
i have to tell you that i have nt had one and do nt want one.
it is the easiest thing that i have ever done and i tell all my friends that they should do it too.
i sent a customer of mine to you.
dr. ruona, if you read this, thank you for helping me get more healthy.
i feel lighter and feel that i have more possibilities open to me now than i did before.
i ca nt thank you enough.
signs of saltford  an excellent supplier of value for money signs and banners etc.
i have been a friend and customer of signs of saltford for well over 12 years now and i also became their website supplier some3 years ago.
tina is the driving force of the business and you can be assured that she will endevour to satisfy all your signage requirements at the most cost effective rates.
i have been extremely pleased with the signs and pop  up banners she has supplied to me over the years  a truly first class family business run by tina and her husband chris.
my counseling practice
hello my name is vera and i m writing a review about my own counseling practice in bellevue, wa. and in renton wa.
i am a licensed mental health counselor and i work with variety of mental health problems.
i offer compassionate, approachable and personalized counseling services.
my style is compassionate, nonjudgmental, and caring.
please visit my website to learn more about my practice at www.veraakulov.com.
i am a preferred provider with most insurance companies.
schedule your first appointment online
i would appreciate reviews from anyone who has worked with me before in the mental health setting.
fantastic for kids
if you have children or are just a real animal lover yourself you ll love this zoo.
it s only  10 and in essence just one big petting zoo.
they sell feed and milk bottles at the front and i recommend you buy lots.
we took our7 month old and she laughed and giggled when  very harshly i might add  grabbing and  kissed  the goats and lambs.
the animals were all very sweet and patient with her.
among the animals that were available to touch were ponys, camels and even an ostrich
wonderful, inexpensive and lots of fun
wow
i ca nt say enough good things about karla and the wonderful things she has done for me and my dog gracee.
gracee is more excited to see her than she is to see me
she has always been there for gracee even for last minute calls
she has taken care of my sweet girl for almost4 years now and i would not let gracee go with anyone besides her
she is caring, punctual, and very enthusiastic about her job
you should give her a try  it s worth every penny to know that you pet is in great hands with wunderbar pet sitting
worst service i ve ever experienced
i wish there was something good to say about the business, but unfortunately, there is nt.
1  service and manners were nonexistent.
2  the employees constantly talk down to customers and are very argumentative for the sake of being argumentative.
to both myself and customers 3  i have never experienced so much rudeness coming from a business.
4  the business is very unorganized.
the invoice is not detailed, so it is difficult to see what you are paying for.
i d recommend to save your time and energy and find another greek store.
exile is the best
exile is the longest lasting and most authentic punk store in richmond
i have been shopping there for over six years now.
the staff is incredibly friendly and helpful and the owner, mimmy, is an absolute angel.
the mark up is minimal considering that the clothing is hard to find and often shipped for europe.
in addition, the clothing is of much better quality than the clothing from hot topic, which is made as cheaply as possible by people living in horrible conditions in asia.
exile is environmentally conscious and involved heavily in our community.
shop local at exile
overrated
buddakan inevitably attracts the majority of its guests simply because of its association with steven starr, but that does nt impress me.
the atmosphere alone deserves4 stars but, the food was not up to par with the price tag and the reputation the restaurant carries.
the server we had was knowledgeable but he was not as proper as he should have been, acting like he was talking to his friends rather than his customers.
the angry lobster was completely overpriced
80 for a dish that has about one small lobster tail and is full of filler vegetables
i would nt go there again.
alto delivers on all levels.
from the moment you enter the restaurant, you know you are some place special.
the service is impeccable, and the food is even better.
i highly recommend the four  course tasting menu, which gives you plenty of range and food to satisfy your appetite.
also, if you are into wine, alto has the depth of both region, varietal, and vintage to satisfy nearly any sommelier  or after9 pm, bring your own bottle for free ... no corking fee  .
while it s not cheap, alto will give you an experience you ll never forget.
the landlord is not nice nor helpful
i have lived in buckingham condominiums townhouse for2 years.
i love the location and the apartment
i m a single female and i feel safe coming home at night.
the maintenance people are awesome
and the exterminator is very nice, also.
yes, you still have a few bugs, but that s going to be anywhere you go
the only problem that i have experienced is the landlord.
she is a pure b
i know that s ugly ... but she wo nt help you out for anything ... sad story.
other than that, i would recommend living here.
the staff leaves a lot to be desired.
the front staff has seen quite a bit of turnover and changed from professional to rude.
a simple follow  up phone call with a woman quickly turned into a nightmare.
she may be the reason for all the change.
i sincerely wonder if the doctor has a clue about what is going on within his practice.
if he does know and approves of this behavior then it is a poor reflection on him.
sometimes it is not worth it to go through that kind of staff and their personal attitude to get to a doctor.
he was an okay doctor but not worth her.
www  wonderful wild wildernest inn
i would give the wildernest inn ten stars of five
atop spring mountain, from the decks of the west porch,  one can see forever  a scene of unparalleled beauty and grandeur.
i saw deer frequently, in fact a small herd were grazing near the lodge.
there were occasional bears on the deck in the morning.
and most correctly, us visitors did not mingle with the native wildlife.
it would have been more than one could bear
kathy and stewart, the proprietors were the epitome of perfection.
delightful, hospitable, superb, cozy and comfortable.
i hope to be back
junkie lube
really weird place, i was driving home from work thought i d stop in for an oil change and well, there are a few guys in jiffy lube uniforms sitting at the table drinking beers and shooting the breeze.
the neon lighting sign still said  on  yet some guy who seemed to be the oldest of the bunch, more like the drunkest of the bunch told me they d be open tomorrow.
i asked if a manager was on duty he told me he was.
wow
grey shirt  mark  of course with this type behavior he could have been wearing someon else s clothing .....
a friend and i recently took our 16 and 18 month olds here.
while there was nt too much available for their age  ball pit, bouncy area and a little padded pyramid to climb on , we went right when they opened at 10 am on a winter weekday and ended up being the only ones there, so we were given a little more liberty than we would have if others had been there.
it s not the classiest place, but it was cleaner than i expected and the staff was very friendly.
for 4 it was a nice break from the monotony of winter indoors with a toddler.
restored my faith in mechaincs.
i spent3 months going from shop to shop trying to get my ferrari to run and drive the way it should.
i was about to give up when i met jason and neal.
they took on the challenge of making my ferrari all i dreamed of and more.
the crew at the creative workshop went over and above the call of duty and gave me back a car i can drive anywhere and finally enjoy owning.
i can not say enough about this place.
they have restored my faith in mechanics.
do yourself a favor, call these guys first and enjoy driving your car again ..
a great vacation
we wanted to see the sun  and we also got much more
excellent chefs are in the kitchen preparing memorable breakfasts.
after a train ride over the mountains, we enjoyed hiking in the flower  filled wenatchee hills  in may  and a very interesting bike ride in a loop around the columbia river ... and then wine if we wanted it on the patio in the evening ....
this is a busy group of hosts they are also running a restaurant, which also must be wonderful  so just ask for what you need, and i m sure they will do their best to be hospitable.
omg
omg .. make sure to book a reservation, as this magical place is packed  in a nice way  i love that the owner walks around and cares how his customers feel about their food.
the waiters are like no other ...
my waiter was so excellent i gave him a 75  tip, and it was worht every penny ..
the food was finger licking the bowel fantastic ..
i just discovered her has a place right near my work  color me phat  if you are looking for a romatic place with the best food and service in the valley giovanni ristorante should be your number1 2 choice.
holly is truely the best hairstylist
i have lived in the utc la jolla area for many years, and i never new this salon was here until a friend reffered me to see holly here.
i was very pleased with my experience here.
all of the people were friendly and welcoming.
i got highlights, haircut, and a blowdry.
she did a great job
holly is very experienced and talented, and i could tell she new what she was doing right off the bat.
my hair looks amazing, and i get compliments all the time.
i deffenitly reccomend this salon and holly to anyone.
you will not be disappointed
outdated but not bad
so i really felt like this place was extremely outdated especially since the pictures make it look nice and modern.
it had listed that there was a hot breakfast but all this meant is that they added a waffle maker to the common continental affair at most cheap hotels.
the family suite was basically two rooms with a small opening between them which worked great for us because we were two families traveling together.
if you are in town and need that kind of space i say stay here but if you are looking for a little more upscale affair do nt let the pictures fool you and book somewhere else.
great, and probably the only west indian spot worth hitting up in nashville.
i was born and raised in toronto, which has a huge west indian  trinidadian, jamaican, etc  population.
so huge in fact, that toronto slang is influenced by and has jamaican references, and jamaican beef patties are staples in my high school cafeteria.
anyway, i was practically raised on this stuff, and being a connoisseur of west indian cuisine, jamaica way is a bit toned down to suit the american palette.
all you have to do to make it authentic jamaican food, is add a whole lot of pepper.
a lot.
the finest christmas trees i ve ever seen.
i felt like i was in heaven when i walked through the majestic fields of this particular farm.
the trees were in magnificent shape and the variety was astounding.
the owners were entertaining and gracious.
i especially liked the eco friendly atmosphere and the owner s love of all animals.
this is one of the best farms i have ever been too.
i would call it the taj mahal of the east coast
it put hair on my chest and thanks to the owner s advice i invested vanguard, got myself a woman like jerry, and became a republican.
thanks tussey mountain tree plantation
pho  nomenal
i have been eating pho for almost my entire life and i ve always gone to the pho places in south philly and off the boulevard and even the other one in chinatown, but when i tried this pho place, it blew the other pho houses away
all of the pho places taste the same to me, so what seperates one from the other is the service and the price.
the service here is incredible compared to the other places.
the only down fall of this pho house is the difficulty in finding parking in chinatown.
remember to bring cash since they do nt take debit or credit.
hope this helps
had a horrible experience with a manager here, rachel mcinnis, she was rude, inconsiderate and did not do the right thing for an item that was marked incorrectly ...
i m not interested in shopping in a place with people like her ... she refused to sell me the item at its marked price even after admitting they had made a mistake.
i normally do nt write reviews but seeing that i considered dillards a distinguished, upscale place to shop, this one wo nt be getting my business, nor my family s, nor my coworkers.
it s never ok to let a customer walk out unhappy, especially when they are right.
highly recommend
i work as a transformational life coach.
since this is an alternative therapy i always refer clients to a lisenced therapist when i feel that is appropriate.
i found her through a colleague one day when one of my clients was in the midst of a panic attack and needed professional help that i am not qualified to provide.
little did i know that i would soon be needing her help as well
she guided me through a very difficult period dealing with a family member s suicide, coupled with elder abuse.
i found her to be extremely solid, kind, compassionate, and intuitive as well.
i would recommend her highly
they wo nt have a second chance from me.
first, let me state that although i live in nyc, i am not from nyc, i do nt care about baseball and i absolutely love boston to death  so beautiful, so clean, so awesome .
that said, i hated this restaurant.
the service was just about as good as i d get in nyc  that means it was poor  and the food was almost mediocre.
the decor left a lot to be desired and the posters telling me all the reasons 99 was great just served as an ironic contrast against the reality.
personally i recommend you take your money elsewhere
when i arrived at brickell honda on 6411, i was greeted and attended to by the sales manager, gustavo guerra, in a very friendly and professional manner.
i explained to him what i wanted and that i previously went to braman honda.
bramen honda was a bit of a hassle.
he told me  no problem, we will match the offer or do better.
mr. guerra gave me a better deal without any hassles nor any type of problems.
brickell honda has been the best buying experience in the world.
i urge all st. thomas the apostle parishioners and all of south florida residents to come see gus
excellent customer service
great, honest service
i took my 2001 nissan frontier in to fix a cracked manifold.
the dealer wanted  1300 to fix that and another  1500 to fix some other things.
eagle transmission determined that much of the work the dealer said needed to be done was unneccesary and what needed to be fixed was only  400
i was so impressed with the honesty and integrity of mike and everyone at eagle transmission
i dropped the truck off in the morning and it was ready that afternoon.
i have finally found a mechanic i trust
and it was great that they did not charge a service fee to diagnose the problem  an added bonus
dr. shady
kelly hit the nail on the head.
dr. shady  is a jerk.
after the way she spoke to me on my last visit, i will not be returning
good luck keeping business with that stuck up attitude dr. shady.
you have just lost mine.
the next time you feel like being condescending to someone, it is not going to be me
dr. shady is inexperienced and prideful.
she probably does not even have 10  of the knowledge that some of the other experienced vets do in this area.
i will be carefully researching vets before i take my dog someplace else.
beautifully written reviews doctor, but completely untrue.
poor experience
i did not have a good experience w  dr. ghassemlou.
during the session, he demanded to have my physical address, which i ve always kept private as i am enrolled in a witness protection program.
i believe he is correct in that he needs my physical address for legal reasons, however, he did not adequately explain this during our session.
i learned more about this doing my own research afterward.
i think he could ve done more to assuage my concerns by giving me concrete facts.
saying that i need to give him my address or else i have intimacy issues is not helpful.
it s pretty combative actually.
you ll love it
i have had my back fused in2 places.
i wish that i had nt done this.
with these fusions, chiropractric is nt as successful, but it still is very helpful.
even after my fusions, my back continued to hurt, but now it does nt hurt any more.
i would encourage anyone who is thinking of back surgery, to talk about different treatment options first with dr. de barros.
he really knows what he is talking about and will approach the different options fairly.
you can see different treatments that a surgeon ca nt see, so that you can have several treatment options before you decide what to do.
unbelievably huge experience for such a small salon
i have been to kim at cheveux for more than five years.
i can not tell you how often i am complimented on my hair  style and color
i regularly request kim s business cards as i am often stopped on the street and asked  who does your hair ... i love it
quaint, lovely, small salon with big personality.
i am made to feel special when i am in the chair and i have never had a less than amazing cut or color experience.
my hair has never felt this healthy, either.
i can not recommend this salon enough
thanks cheveux
my favorite in mclean
my family loves coming to endo sushi. they are very nice, it is never crowded, and the food is wonderful, very delicious and fresh
sometimes it is hard to get parking in the lot in front of the storefront, and it is on a one  way street, but the restaurant itself is never overcrowded.
if you can not park in the lot, then you can park in the shopping center s garage, and walk up to endo sushi.
the service is fast.
be sure to ring the little bell on your way out if you enjoyed your meal
it s by the door, on the hostess stand
horrible service
i got yelled at, literally yelled at because i asked if i could pick up my car5  10 minutes late.
i explained that i was already on my way and i would rush to get there as soon as i could because i needed my car for work at5 am, but the guy was arguing with me saying he was gon na lock the doors right at 530.
rude, unprofessional, just jerks.
seems like all they care about is the money and getting home on time, no care for the customers at all
missed a whole day of work because i am now carless.
i will neeeeeeeeeverrrr go to this place again.
superb arrangements
i used fancy flowers for my late husband s funeral flowers as they had been recommended to me.
i am so glad that i called in to see ana, she is a lovely girl who showed nothing but care and compassion towards me.
the flowers were all that i hoped they would be, i have attended several funerals of late unfortunately and the flowers i recieved from ana outshone them all.
she is so talented, the flowers were arranged superbly and delicately, it is so obvious to see the difference between someone fully trained and skilled compared to others.
thank you ana i hope to see you in the future under better circumstances.
great first experience.
i m 22, and my hairdresser was great  and not  old  like one of the reviews says   she really listened to what i wanted and gave me tons of tips on how to style my hair so i could get it to look the way i wanted it to.
she deep conditioned my hair and took the time to style it properly.
she recommended products but absolutely did nt pressure me to buy.
it s a cute place with a really friendly, laid  back atmosphere.
i would highly recommend it and will be going back for my next haircut.
oh
and students get 5 off, ca nt argue with that.
smoker s haven
yeah, this complex is not very good.
our bathroom fan, one electric outlet and2 leaky sinks have yet to be fixed.
both bathrooms look like they were flooded and the wood cabinets are thrashed at the bottom and they slapped some pieces of wood over to try to cover it up.
and nonsmokers beware
i think 90 percent of the tenants are smokers
if you do not smoke, do not move here.
our unit reeks of old cigarette smoke and it started to become apparent a few weeks after we moved in.
you can not walk5 feet without smelling that disgusting cigarette smoke and it blows right into the windows all day and all night.
great sanwiches, great prices
i used to go here almost every day since i work in the neighbourhood and loved their turkey and meatball sandwiches.
chicken salad salad is great too.
best of all, the staff is quick on their feet and even with long lines, usually serve you in5 minutes or less.
for the quality, the prices  4  6  have to be the best in town.
the staff get to know regulars and do their job very well.
tourists like the other reviewer might not appreciate their efficiency or quality, but i certainly do.
this is nt a tgif or cafe, it s a lunch sandwich place and a good one at that.
rate a church
might as well just hotpot the curb and rate the traffic light.
it s a bloody church, for chrisssake
big, grey and imposing.
go there on christian holidays for a bit of churchy grandure.
the pastor at this church is cool, i met him after some holiday service.
he had a robe that was made back in the 60s.
god was pleased with that one
it s historical for sf, so when your aunte comes for a visit, take her there.
great for the kiddies  they love the labyrinth  do nt forget to tell em it s really a  pagen  thing  .
stop by at least once or you ll go to heck
ok but just becuse we where on a tight budget.
me and my dad where in nj for a kc chiefs  my home team  vs the ny jets and for game4 of the world series.
i m a red sox fan so i was glad that the phillies won.
the knights inn was small very small. i mean1 room in every room  it was cozy a little and a small tv.
i mean a2 day stay was a ok stay even tho the manager looked like he was chineze and that we only slept and went out from8 to7 to see new york.
but sice we almost just slept there i ca nt give that good of a review
it was a saturday and my spring was broken ...
i googled garage door repair in woodinville and found ndi  johnette answered the phone and was oh  so pleasant and helpful
she sort of appologized for dan taking the day off to go skiing  but he could do the repair on sunday
i said great and dan arrived on time at 10 am to make the repair.
i enjoyed speaking with dan, and learning more about how the springs are sized for these doors.
the repair went quickly and the price was extremely fair.
i would highly recommend ndi  and will spread the word to my neighbors.
thanks dan and johnette for your responsiveness and professional service.
roger m., woodinville
i would nt send my dogs there.
i had a conversation with the woman running this place in april 2010.
she basically said if the children getting off the bus are nt paying to enter her building she was going to let them wander around the streets.
wow, really
with all the child predators out there, a busy road, cars speeding by ...... and you are going to let some4 5 year olds wonder around cause you re money hungry
real christian of you
whether they pay me or not, if their parents get into an accident, stuck in traffic, etc. the last thing i would do is let a child get raped because i was nt paid.
excellent service
i could easily go to nordstrom for my designer jeans and pay the same price, but i go to the garment district for their service.
previous reviewers said they were pushy and i can understand that, but i find the staff more helpful than anything else.
tiffany is fabulous
i came in for alterations  free, by the way  and told her about a stain i had on my new leather purse.
she immediately went to the back, brought out leather cleaner and cleaned my purse on the spot.
i did nt even buy the bag there
huge selection and, great suggestions from the staff and they refer you to reliable places if they do nt have what you need.
we were expecting a great experience, when we recieved a friendly greeting by the hosts.
the atmosphere was nice and very clean.
the menu had plenty of options even for picky eaters.
the service was ok, our waitress kept forgetting our drinks even though we reminded her several times.
to start we tried the guacamole and salsa verde, it was completly flavorless.
we should have left then.
we orderd our meals anyway, chimichangas, jalapeno borritos, and quesadillas.
everything was bland, completely void of any spice or flavor.
we have never had mexican food this bad, it was just simply gross.
hopefully they spice things up or they wo nt be in business long.
i recommend la hacienda
might try again
pros   jill, the owner, is very nice and really cares about her feedback  pretty nice atmosphere  great dessert  not your typical veggie selection, i like
do nt know where else you can find purple hull peas and some of the other sides.
cons   server was nt very pleasant  pretty small portion on the blackened catfish  overcooked food  time, took about 25 minutes from ordering to eating.
half the tables and bar were empty by this point.
other thoughts  will try this place again.
there must be a reason so many people like it there.
their club sandwich looks tasty, maybe that ll change my mind .... and a different server.
very professional  very helpful
the people at fidelity leasing were very friendly and helpful.
i was looking for a car but did not really know what i wanted and they were very helpful and took the time to first figure out what my needs were and showing me various options to meet those needs.
they seemed more interested in helping me find the right car rather then just make a sale.
my experience with them was great  low stress, very helpful and very personal.
after finding the car i wanted they took the time to go over each step and making it as painless as possible.
from start to finish they were top notch.
i would highly recommend calling these people up for your next car.
this insurance co. is a joke
they have absolutely no communication skills whatsoever.
if you do nt mind being robbed, cheated or lied to then this is the company for you.
they will make every attempt to misinform and misrepresent themselves.
they make up excuses in hopes to confuse their policy holders with misinformation.
as an example they took payment for5 out of6 monthly plan premiums for a yearly policy and cancelled the contract for the remainder of the policy for reasons they stated was not receiving information on other licensed drivers in the household
i personally provided the request on four separate occasions and they claim there is a glitch in their systems
ifa is an acronym for i m a fking asshe
fantastic service
i have been here a few times for oil changes and just got my tires, alignment and state inspection done yesterday.
i shopped it around and they were extremely competitive in pricing and also added nitrogen to my tires which should extend the life and get me better gas mileage.
it also came with free balance and rotation for the life of the tires
what made it perfect was that they offered transportation so that i would not have to wait there or take time off of work to go back and forth or try to find a ride.
great service, great pricing and super convenient
i also did not feel like they tried to sell me a bunch of services that i did not need.
love my home at creekside
i moved to creekside apartments in august 2008 with a6  month lease and have just extended it for another 13 months
the management from julie and janice to the work staff, esp. edwin, are just wonderful.
they have been extremely helpful whenever i have asked for help.
although the apartments are facing stokes street and close to the bascom light rail, the location is surprisingly quiet.
i have never had any problems with loud neighbors or concerns about safety.
the apartments are within walking distance to trader joe s, whole foods, and other stores.
the well  equipped, clean gym is a plus
great place to live if you work in and around downtown san jose
i interviewed several contractors for a kitchen remodel.
liberty construction shows up and it s two guys ... all i get is 100  sales pitch  we re the best ... we re number 50 so we must be doing something right ... look at all these certificates that say we re great .
not once did i feel listened to like they actually cared about what i wanted, all they were interested in was me signing a contract right then and there.
very high pressured sales and with the reviews of many others bad service.
i m glad i trusted my gut and did nt get sucked into doing business with them.
find someone you trust that actually hears you and wants to do the job right.
do nt waste your time or money
i took my3 year old son here at the weekend and to be honest, apart from the shark walkway, i thought it was rubbish and overpriced.
even taking into account the fact that my3 year old wanted to run most of the way round, it took us just over one hour start to finish.
if you have been to the london aquarium i would not even bother with this.
if you are really desperate for something to pass the time and are willing to shell out the best part of l 30 for2 two people then go for it.
for some reason it will not let me rate it one star  it is not rated5 by me
cranmore dental and implant clinic  i could not recommend dr david nelson enough.
i had a severe phobia of attending the dentist until i met and was treated by dr nelson.
he instantaneously put me at ease and his ongoing treatments have been absolutely pain free.
my previous apprehension has been dismissed and i no longer have a sinking feeling when my next appointment is due
in addition to the core treatment, dr nelson has impressed me further with his concern and interest in the well  being of his patients  his dental work underpinned by a strong duty of care to every patient.
he is always prepared to go the extra mile to ensure that any patient discomfort is dealt with immediately
pam gillies
best salsa  hehehe
after my trees were cleaned up, they gave me a jar of salsa.
the owner warned me that it was the best salsa i would ever had, and he was right.
no joke
i hate to say check them out just for the salsa, but james, i need another jar badly  all kidding aside, they are a very good company, i have a hard time giving any service biz a5 star review but they came close.
very affordable  do nt call it cheap  and their trimmers were quick and courteous when i got home from work.
and the salsa, be sure to ask for a jar and have plenty of chips around, you will need them .....
dr. mann killed our pet
yea, dr. mann ai nt so great.
we took our beloved kitty to him and it came back dead.
we live in the subdivision around the corner and after it happened and we brought it up at some neighborhood gatherings we discovered that several people from this neighborhood alone had pets go to dr. mann for surgical procedures and came back dead.
if you take him here for shots, no big deal but i would never let this man apply anesthetic to my pet ever again.
oh, they also charged me for the procedure   250  and had the audacity to charge me a  25  disposal  fee.
they actually itemized it as a disposal fee.
avoid at all costs.
one of the worst places
this place and its sister store peking garden are the worst places to order from.
the food was horrible not cooked like it should be, they got the order wrong on a number of occasions, and once forgot about my order.
i had to call back up there two hours later and the lady  who claimed to be a manager  said my food was on the way, and she did nt offer to compensate me in any kind of way.
i waited another 30 mins before receiving my food and it was cold.
in my opinon this place should be shut down by the health inspector, and anyone who is satisfied with there service and food has never eaten at a real asian restaurant.
gone downhill since change in ownership
sigh.
i used to love this place.
but now that they are part of a chain, service has slipped.
i am waiting longer at bna for my pickups and last time i parked with them, they lost my car key.
lucky i had a spare with me
to date they have not made good by either finding the key or paying for a new one.
these new car keys are expensive to copy, you ca nt just go to walmart.
go to the website for coupons and join the club  you can get free parking.
however, with bna offering one day of free parking due to construction of the new rental car facility, it may be cheaper to park at bna.
wife and i attempted to adopt a dog and was nothing but frustrating.
we arrived sunday at about 230 and found a do we really liked.
we were told that we could nt today because they were closing soon.
i called the next morning to let then know my wife would be driving in.
they gave me the run around and missing paperwork only to call back to tell me someone else wanted her and i would need to come in and put down a deposit.
i work2 hours away but offered my card over the phone.
they refused.
terrible communication as well.
at one point they told me the dog had been fixed, the next day it had nt.
huge ammount of time wasted time and elevated blood pressure.
college is a joke and the salon is a joke
went to the school here over priced
you do not learn the things you were promised.
you have to bring in your own models and they have to pay for you to use them if you do nt then you can graduate
going back after graduating you r told you get a discount on services nope you do nt.
staff is under educated.
going there you learn the school does not care about the services given just about the money.
over priced for students to learn
beware of the nail program you are not taught to use a nail drill at all you learn the old fashioned way of doing nails you will not be able to do well in a salon
beware
you can fool people
this store is proof that you can fool people with good advertising.
they convince lots of people that they are a great store, when in fact they are a very average place at best, they are just another big box store like the others.
they offer sales that are nt really sales, mislabeled items that make the item sound like a good deal when it is nt, a bad attitude about return items, and on and on.
with higher than average prices to boot
so do nt get taken in, keep your eyes open if you choose to shop here.
on the other hand, the richmond ukrops chain is known for its charity work, its community action, and its interest in the public welfare.
never again
do nt go here unless you want to sit, order, eat and be asked to leave all in a matter of 20 minutes.
you wo nt even have time to read the entire menu before being asked to order and if you ask for more time your server will wait at the table.
this is the only place i have ever eaten and been told to leave because other people were waiting.
i was told to take my coffee to go if i wanted to finish it.
oh, and their liquor license was expired so no bloody mary or mimosas.
plus the drinks are self service, have fun trying to negotiate the small cafeteria space to get your coffee, juice or water.
go next door to the ball square cafe instead.
i guess you get what you pay for.
i tried to stay here for a few nights with my girlfriend, so we asked for a single queen bed.
we got there, and we were treated to the free  upgrade  of a room with two double beds.
since they consider this an upgrade, they let their other rooms fill up and would not change our room.
then we got put in a room with a huge gap under the door .... right next to the ice machine.
we could hear every single thing that happened outside like it was inside our room.
when i finally found someone at the desk who could speak english, they moved our room, but we still did not receive the single queen we had  reserved
i was thoroughly impressed
i had a problem with the tile in my bathroom coming apart.
i called a few different businesses in the area to get estimates, they were nt the cheapest i found but very reasonable.
the best part is i got my whole bathroom remodeled for about the same price the other compans were quoting just to fix the shower tile and fixtures.
they had the work done in about half the time quoted which made me and my wife extremely happy.
we have had nothing but compliments on our bathroom when guest come over  who would have guessed that one
very nice work and friendly guys too.
best money i ve spent on remodeling ever.
i highly recommend any one considering home repair to give these guys a call.
new training centre is excellent
the award dance centre has moved from its holderness road site to a new complex on chamberlain road hull.
the new centre has4 studios planned and now boasts the largest single dance floor area in kingston upon hull.
the classes cover all age and skill ranges, with ballroom, latin, sequence, street, disco, line dancing, ballet, tap  jazz.
we have attended a ward dance centre for over a year and really enjoy the friendly and welcoming way we are taught ballroom and latin as well as the fun filled social dance evening held every saturday evening ....
it is not really possible to score this school too highly, we would give it 12 out of 10 and5 stars across the board steve  anne
i purchased a2  year old certified preowned bmw from this dealership.
the night i drove back home, i found that the rear window has some leakage.
you can hear the wind while driving on highway.
very likely it needs a new window seal .
i admit that i should have paid attention to this kind of little things while test drive.
but this is a certified car from a dealer.
so i brought the car back the second day.
they told me that this is not under warranty and want to charge me  175 just to diagnose the problem
who knows how much they want me to pay to fix this thing.
i walked away.
so my advice is that never trust this dealer.
stay away as far as possible.
perfect practice
after i had chosen the fountain dental practice they provided a slick and professional service from start to finish.
everyone was friendly from the receptionist to the surgeon herself, putting me at my ease and explaining the whole process, both initially and then as we went along.
surgery visit timings were always made to suit me and not them and they gave me the feeling that i mattered and was important to them.
the surgery itself is slick, modern and very relaxed and i always felt that i was in capable hands.
my dental surgeon, dr. lucy nichols is clearly a dental perfectionist and clearly proud both of the work she does and the reputation she has established.
everyone was so helpful that i can not wait to go back .....
peter
wonderful service for large group
i had my wedding luncheon at this bj s restaurant, and it was one of the best choices that i made.
it was a great deal  we paid a certain amount per person, and my husband and i chose4 types of pizza and the servers brought out as much as we wanted.
we were also served salad and soda.
we had a large party, about fifty people or so, and yet everything was served quickly and we all had a wonderful time.
even though we were only supposed to have those specific types of pizza, when guests asked for a different type, it was brought out with no charge to us
i really appreciate bj s for making that special day even better with their wonderful food and service.
wonderful
i went to ohm after reading some of the reviews.
i go to school in the area and usually wait until i go home to get my hair cut.
i decided it was time to grow up and made an appointment.
sierra was my stylist and i love what she did.
i have wavy hair and she cut to my hair style.
it was the first time i had left a salon with my hair curly.
usually they blow dry it out and i have to wait until i wash it to see what it will look like in its natural state.
but she did a fabulous job letting me know what she was doing at all times and styled my hair in a way i could do it at home.
it was nt completly impossible
i am definitely going back
after recently relocating to south bend, we were looking for a delicious, fun, yet elegant establishment for new year s eve dinner.
we were disappointed with this holiday dinner due to the overall flavor and price of the meal, and accessibility to the jazz club.
the meal was extremely overpriced and lacked flavor, especially for being a special nye menu.
the limited menu had few appetizing options and the nye special packages were way overpriced.
after our meal, our server found us a table in the jazz club where we were informed it would be another  10  person to stay and listen to the band, despite the fact we had just finished a dinner there and were intending to enjoy their drink list.
this was a less than impressive experience at trio s.
run for the hills ... you ll be much better off
one night was too much.
first room had used tissues next to the bed and i requested it be rectified.
i was then moved to another room around the back where the room was dirty, the shower was dirty with other people s hair in it, the toilet seat was peeling and rough and the bathroom was full of mould.
i called reception to ask if they knew the state the room was in and was told  this is a days inn, not the hilton  and the receptionist then hung up on me.
to warn you to stay away from this place just is nt enough.
there was not one ounce of caring involved and anyone i can warn about the complete lack of service will be warned.
grocery and daily needs store
before using fusionretail before installing fusionretail store was running on a dos based software.
we were having a major problem in maintaining cash.
being a grocery shop, maintaining 5000 different products was a challenging job.
managing pos counter without barcoding was really a tough time.
how fusionretail has overcome these issues
fusionretail helps us to maintain the store in an organised way.
usage of product barcodes and smooth maintenance of inventory with proper recording of transactions like sale, purchase and returns was never easy before.
how long does it take to train new people at work
billing takes 15 minutes and back office jobs takes1 day s training how fast your support queries get answered
over telephone, immediate.
on call, it takes a day to get our issues resolved.
ca nt wait to go back
this is by far the best bb that we have ever stayed at
we were in santa fe for a special event and our hosts rented out the el paradero for all their guests to stay at.
we could not have been more welcomed, more comfortable or more well fed.
the weekend was perfect in every way, in large part to sue and her great staff.
everyone was so friendly and really went out of their way to make sure everything went well.
we can not wait to go back to santa fe and to this great bb ... especially my4 year old, who made friends with ms. sue and all the ladies, and has talked about them since we left
we would highly recommend the el paradero on your next trip to santa fe
disatisfied customer, i went through kitchen aid and used one of their recommended vendors.
ae came out, charged  129 fee just to walk in the door.
i needed a part for my appliance, the cost was very high so i said never mind, paid the fee and called a local business for a second quote.
the second vendor charged  55  less than half of what ae charges  to come and applied that to the price of the repair service  which ae does not .
their quote came in at half the price of ae for the same work and same part.
seems to me like ae charges way more than necessary
very disappointed in kitchen aid as well, i thought that they prescreened their vendors for price and quality of work, obviously they do not
lovely nails on cayuga st. in lewiston, ny
first let me start out by saying, that i have had very nice pedicures at lovely nails on military road.
i was very excited that a salon was opening in lewiston, as i live in youngstown.
i was in two weeks ago and had the worst pedicure that i have had in my life.
there were four of us and i was taken first by a gentleman.
i put my foot in the water and it was cool.
he did warm it up.
he also hurt my toes will pushing my cuticles back.
if the pedicure lasted 20 mins., that was a stretch.
the other ladies had a similar experience, both had nail polish on a couple of toes.
none of us will be using their services again, which is a shame.
good service  limited results
andrew was helpful and knowledgeable about acupuncture re  infertility.
he was willing to talk to me about my specific issues and develop a plan of action.
the office is shared with a foot doctor and it s very sterile and medical feeling, which i liked.
the down side was that sometimes there was a lot of noise in the hallway from other patients  doctors.
i worked with andrew for2 months and did acupuncture and herbs.
the sessions were nice and i felt relaxed after them but did not notice any changes with my cycles.
i know it can take a while for results and did nt expect a miracle, but after2 months i felt like it was not entirely worth the cost  time.
i am also a little suspicious of all these glowing reviews ...
friendly, clean and excellent location
the staff was very helpful, and gave us good advice on day and night time activities.
common room was comfortable and clean, very good room to read or relax.
a great breakfast which was included every morning until 930 am  yummy fresh parisian croissants.
comfortable and clean beds, a bit noisy when people were coming in late from a night out, but we did nt mind too much as we were also just coming in from a night out
the location is really stellar
it is next to gare du nord and a five minute walk to sacre coeur which is excellent for shopping.
it is close to bus lines for opera plaza, galleries lafayette, and the famous flea market.
we really enjoyed our stay and would definitely stay at the vintage hostel again.
just autos thank you
was fast and easy, just had our car returned this morning, i would recommend these mobile mechanics for sure.
they certainly know what they are doing.
the mechanic came to our place and sorted out our car s problems, he explained the problem and was very up front and honest, it was towed to the workshop as the gearbox was not working  he explained it better .
they phoned the same day, confirmed it was the gearbox quoted me the job, i gave the go ahead.
now my car s gears and brakes have never run so well ... ever it s like driving a new car.
so yes, i would nt hesitate in recommending the team at just autos for easy professional car repairs, thank you just autos for your help.
i stopped in today  yards brewery.
i must say, i was impressed with the size of the bar area and lounge,  i liked that you could see the brewery right thru the glass
i had a sampler of ipa, brawler, love stout  esa.
all were awesome,  i had a dogwood grilled cheese which was enjoyable with the fine beers.
after my sampler  sandwich, i asked for a pint of there nitrogen love stout, i must say i was impressed, with the great taste  i am a guiness lover so coming from me, i think this is better, it s less dry  smoother
if you are in philly you have to come check this place out
the only negative i have abou this place is the parking
i left with a case of brawler
oil change disaster
my wife had taken her 07 ford fusion in for a routine oil change.
a couple days after the oil change, the engine ran rough, the low oil pressure light would come on sporadically, and the engine would whir loudly.
turns out the engine had no oil, and when oil was put it, it would just run out of the filter.
there could have  hopefully does nt have  major damage to the engine.
all of this started after their oil change.
once they realized their mistake they sent a mechanic and tow truck to my wife s work and towed it back to fix it.
i would not recommend this shop for anything, not even something as simple as an oil change.
plus they will overcharge you for just about everything, and smile while doing it.
liars, negative stars
took my cruze in twice for poor fuel economy.
the first time they claimed to get reasonable mpg.
however, they would never drive the car with me in it to prove their findings.
i wonder if they were going down a hill
they told me to bring it back after 5000 miles.
i brought it back with 9000 miles.
they  finished  the work and told me the car was ready.
i found out they did not even drive the car, stated they looked at it before.
they still would not drive the car with me to show their mpg number.
they also claimed not to see anything wrong with the blower fan  a seperate issue , but when i drove the car home i had the same symptoms.
i will never purchace another vehicle from vic canever.
great job
i want to say that mike did a great job for our family in our time of need.
both my grandparents passed away4 months apart and mike was very understanding.
it was a very trying time for my family and myself yet mike took the time to greet each and every one one of us.
he is very professional in his position as a director and yet he still made time to be compassionate for what we were all going through.
i m sure it s not every day that a funeral director sees the same family in such a short time.
my grandfather passed away silently in his sleep, and my grandmother passed away after a short struggle with cancer.
both my grandparents looked as natural as could be expected.
thank you mike for all your help professionally and personally.
the peterson family
poor service
if you like the drama described in popular sitcom  seinfeld , you will see it here.
we signed our name in about 600 pm.
there were3 names before us.
the greeter said there was about 15 minutes waiting.
however, we waited and waited and in the mean time, saw4 groups of people simply just paraded in without signing there names.
this sign in policy is posted by the restaurant  no reservation, sign your name here .
i had to ask the greeter, he explained his reasons with broken english.
i could not understand any his reasons.
i could only take it as they would seat the people they know first.
my conclusion is that you should only go there if you want to wait a least an hour and see all kinds other people being seated before you.
instructor never showed up
january 15th  we were signed up for saturday s2 pm class  beginning yoga with brittany.
we even arrived 10 minutes early as the website suggests.
the instructor did not show up
we waited until 225 pm and then left.
there were2 in our group, and a 3rd person was also in the parking lot waiting for this class.
well, not much i can say except i m very disappointed with this experience.
this was our first visit to your studio.
in today s instant world, there s no reason for the instructor not to even have given us a phone call or email if she was going to be late.
as a yoga studio, i m sure you re all aware that all actions generate karma.
and sometimes karma can manifest itself on a bad review on google.
finest
really
i beg to differ.
this place is marginal at best.
not very welcoming and focused mostly on keeping little kids entertained.
i was not impressed, and quite frustrated at their lack of rating for their courses.
i understand not wanting to put labels like 5.10 on an indoor course, because yes, it is not the same, but some clear understanding of the difficulty of one course to another is nice when you are an intermediate climber looking to improve.
i do nt want to waste my time on routes set for children, but i do nt want to take on something i ca nt handle just to strain myself to exhaustion.
rate the routes, with understandable markings and a more detailed system than easy, moderate, and hard.
again, a great outing for the kids, a frustration for an out of town climber.
best djs in town
wow
these guys were the best.
they were thorough, high class, and went above and beyond.
we never had to worry about a thing, and they led the way the whole time.
they asked us things that we would have never have thought of, and took extra time to meet with us when we needed it before the wedding.
having a team was the best because they kept the flow of the wedding going the whole time
they may look young but do nt let that fool you, as their knowledge of music far surpassed what we expected.
i am a music junkie that grew up in the 80s, and my dad worked for a record label in the 1960s.
so we did nt expect them to even know some of the requests that we asked that night.
they just really know their stuff
never fear going to the dentist again
i m 61 years old and have dental problems my entire life.
by the age of 24 i stopped going to the dentist.
my fear and discomfort from dental work scared me
it took all the courage i could muster to make an appointment.
at the front door of his office, i nearly turned around.
i considered just leaving after going inside and nearly did.
doctor gonzales and his entire staff are the most professional people i have ever dealt with.
they made me feel confident in what they would do, and treated me like a member of their own family.
i never felt pain or discomfort.
the ability to smile and eat again can only be described as a whole new lease on life.
thank you doctor gonzales, doctor stout, eva marie and the entire staff
rocky m. lange retired coordinator, clark county school district
horrible service and food
not only is this place too expensive for what it is, it s horrible
in the past, i got a steak and there was more fat and rough pieces than there was good steak  and this was the sirloin  , the sides were drenched with butter and the salad was a little on the brown side.
today we went for a party  during lunch, so the place was empty  with about 25 other people.
it took over 1.5 hours for our food to come out and by that time my8 month old had it
does it seriously take that long for a soup and salad
i was a waitress for years and a key rule is to serve customers with small children before others, as i was the last to get my food.
i would not recommend having a party here or even going here.
texas roadhouse is way better
spay and neuter service.
i have no doubt that the rescue is wonderful.
but i had my cat spayed through their reduced  free spay and neuter program and the vet they sent us to was first of all a hour and a half away, and4 days later we had to bring them to our normal vet because the vets at the place in wisconsin did a crappy job and they got infections.
my vet even said it was not my fault it was the vet that did the surgery, so i would not recommend getting that program unless you have an extra hundred dollars or so for antibiotics and a vet visit.
you d think they would do a good job but they do nt care unless they are getting paid full price.
which is so dumb.
not to mention the fact that they gave us our cats back not even 30 minutes after they were out from surgery.
billing issues ...
i had a routine surgery for an ingrown toenail.
my insurance company, blue cross  blue shield paid the fees and everything was fine.
then i got a bill for  483.00.
the doctor s office said that payments had been  reversed .
blue cross has no record of aa reversal.
the office refused my requests to see what they got from bc  bs.
they eventually turned it over to a collection agency and now will not even discuss the matter.
i eventually decided to just pay the balance even though the doctor has already been paid, but now the collection agency is trying to say another reversal of  160.00 has come through.
it was an ingrown toenail.
how much could it possibly cost
not only am i being bilked for money i do not owe, the office staff is rude to boot.
i think this office has some serious billing practice issues
we have been blessed to find elite flyers online and would not use anyone else to handle our postcards, posters, etc.
we were looking for a company with decent rates as our company was just getting started.
they have the best rates and great customer service.
on one order, we needed it rushed and shipped to a different state.
they did that with no problem.
i also appreciate their honesty.
i sent a graphic that would have been distorted if printed as it was.
they called and worked with me to fix it so that it would look perfect.
they recently surprised me a larger order.
i ordered 1000 postcards, we normally order 5000 or more.
because they had room to do 5000, they created the larger amount, and shipped them early.
i recommend this company to anyone and everyone that needs great work done at a reasonable rate
they have a customer for life in us
sheisters
i made the mistake of buying from these thieves.
i paid2 k cash for a truck with a blown motor.
their so called mechanic said the engine was good and  there is nothing mechanicly wrong with this truck .
well i think a blown engine falls under the catagory of mechanics right
anyway they jimmy rigged it so i could drive it home.
the next day i took it to2 auto shops and they both told me the same thing, engine is junk.
i called and got the same runaround on hold and noone calls you back.
from a moral standpoint, you guys are really gon na take 2,000 bucks from someone that needs that truck to work and support his family when you know it s just a piece of scrap metal
if it lasted1 month i could suck it up but1 day
grimy work you guys do.
buy your kids somethin nice with my2 k bucks.
best stationery store in bethesda
papeluna, a cute mom  pop custom printing and paper store, just opened a few days ago.
it is right on the hustle and bustle of wisconsin ave but some might miss it as it is nestled in between subway sandwiches and modell s.
i popped in after my afternoon pumpkin spice latte break at starbucks.
it s an adorable little store filled with lots of stationery goodness.
cards, wrapping paper, paper, and an area to sit down and talk with someone to design your own invitations or for whatever else your custom printing needs may be.
i gave the woman i spoke with today a  you ve been yelped   card to let her know that yelp may be a good tool for helping spreading the word about papeluna.
i ended up buying a birthday card and would probably come back for more.
printing, printing, copies, printing, copies, printing,
watch out for your wallet
watch out for your wallet
this company is overpriced for their services.
they pride themselves on being an event and team building company for corporate clients but you better believe they are going to mark you up on that feel good premise.
on a recent event quote that i had done, they came in thousands of dollars over their local competition.
the craziest part is that they are nt even based locally at the city i m in  they just have  teams  in areas through the country.
i ve spoken to vendors who are used by them who had nothing good to say about the company as well and in fact were afraid to quote events against them even though they openly admitted that they felt canadian outback was pricing their entertainment out of the market and doing more to hurt their business than help them.
be warned  they ll ltake you for everything they can.
believe me.
this is the premier university in virginia.
it is also the largest.
with a pizza hut, ihop,3 starbucks, chili s, panera, and chipotle on campus alone, vcu has some of the best eating options for students.
vcu has the 1 art school in america, and excels in healthcare and medical schooling.
the rams, the vcu sports team, also made the ncaa final4 this year, too
vcu also offers high  rise living for students and professors, and the historic yet fixed  up houses in the fan are also available to students, professors, or even people wanting to live in a safe, viable community.
vcu is also minutes from downtown richmond, canal walk, carytown, stony point, short pump, and the vcu medical center.
it is the best university in virginia and continuously receives rave reviews every year.
the u of r is also recommended, too
orr s a nightmare
do nt go
my boyfriend and i were woken up in the middle of the night at our campsite by drunken kids who d arrived around 100 am and were drinking at the springs.
when we complained to the management  as we were instructed to do if there were any problems , nothing happened
then, the next morning, when we, among many other irate guests, asked to speak to the owner, he refused to do so.
not only that, but he told us, via his manager, that it was our responsibility to get up a second time in the middle of the night and call the night staff if the problem continued, even though his manager did nothing the first time to stop the kids.
orr is not relaxing, it s not a safe space, and the owner is awful.
to add insult to injury, he refused to refund our money.
do nt go
fhs is a good high school  c  o 1998
i enjoyed my time at franklin high school.
we had relatively good facilities at the time  decent science labs, with multiple hoods and access to good equipment  nice gymnasiums, and a well  funded music department  i was in the guitar ensemble .
now, of course, there s a new building, with presumably better facilities.
all to the good.
for those who care, a good proportion of the my class went on to4  year colleges, many of them ranked in the top 50 of us news.
if i remember, students went to dartmouth, u. penn, duke, bu, william and mary, vassar, howard, and carnegie mellon, among others.
many students went to rutgers, including their top  ranked pharmacy program.
the point is  fhs gives you the opportunity to make it to a good college, but you need to work hard.
absolutely the best little motel on the coast
i ve stayed at this fabulous little motel two years running, and i have to say it s one of the best lodging experiences i ve ever had on the coast ... and i m even comparing it to the big resorts i ve stayed at
a large group of my friends and i rent almost the whole motel every year for a weekend, and the experience and stay have always been five  star.
the rooms are so clean, the managers  owners are the nicest people, the place feels so homey, and the location and grounds are beautiful.
there s a restaurant nearby  walking distance  with a great breakfast, and a market across the street.
the motel is very well maintained, and the managers are so accomodating, it s kind of like visiting family each year
i honestly ca nt rave enough about this place ... it s really a hidden gem worth checking out
my favorite cuban cafe in orlando
i have been eating cuban for a long time, sandwiches mainly along with other dishes ..
i love cuban coffee, colada ... mmmm anyways i found this place and ca nt stop going there, i stop in at least once a week and anytime i m in the area for a cuban coffee or snack.
the place is chill and comfortable.
they do nt speak the best english but enough to get by.
they bake bread fresh daily, they do nt press their sandwiches which is the way i like it, and the meat is always fresh.
they have a great lunch special with your choice of meat, chicken, steak, or pork and rice and black beans and fried plantains.
and their breakfast is awesome
i can not describe how delicious the mango and cheese pastries and the omelets are to die for.
stop in and have a bite you wo nt regret it.
a slice of heaven in winter park off forsyth
highly recommended.
i have been going to warner family for a number of years and would highly recommend it to anyone.
i ve read some of the reviews below and would like to state that yes, like any other doctor s office there is sometimes a wait  depending on what other patients are being seen for  and some of the tests and procedures that are ran can be costly  just like they would be for any other medical tests elsewhere if you do not have insurance  ...
i have seen several of the providers from the office and have not once been shown anything but care and consideration.
i ca nt speak for them but any tests or appointments they recommend are probably in the best interests of us  the patient  and you have the ability to decline anything that they suggest to you.
i personally have had wonderful service and if you re truely looking for a family practice ... warner family is the place for you.
not what i expected
we read the good reviews before going and had high hopes .. but to our dismay it did nt turn out that way
it took over 40 mins to be taken to our table, once there it took another 20 mins to get our orders and a further 45 mins till our starters landed on our table.
very frustrating for a restaurant that has1 rosette and is supposedly renowned for the service ... hmm there was no canapes or amuse to keep us occupied, once we complained about the wait they took us something to nibble on but that took us getting out our chairs and wondering round to do that and it was impossible to get anyone s attention.
scallops were overcooked and the foie gras was cold but the rest of the food was lovely.
on top of that though they tried to charge us service charge just to rub it it ....
would nt go back as there are a lot of places a lot better and cheaper.
nice selection, very clean, friendly staff
hot iron has become a favorite of our family.
everyone can get the signature dish with ingredients and spices that they want and have the fun of watching it cook.
the staff are very friendly and conscientious.
they always ask if you have meat in your dish,  for vegetarians like me , they scrub an area of the grill and use separate utensils to cook.
they do nt just dump your ingredients on and cook either, but carefully separate meat to the hotter parts of the grill and still manage to keep the veggies from turning to mush.
the selection of meats, veggies and sauces is awesome too
every time we go they seem to have a different ingredient or two which keeps things interesting.
meats are kept very cold, seafood smells fresh and the serving bar is very clean.
prices are reasonable,  kid s meals are around 4.99  and wednesdays they have discount dinner prices, i believe.
great cookies, cakes, and customer service
it was my birthday and i had a last minute idea to have a bakery cake instead of one premade in a convenience store, but the problem was it was the day before valentine s and when many bakeries turned me down for a plain vanilla rectangle cake, fiona stepped up to the plate and was able to make a fantastic beautiful cake.
not only did it taste wonderful, but the texture was unbelievable, the frosting was nt overly sweet to over power the cake, and the cake itself was just amazingly soft, and fluffy, and just perfect overall.
although i ll have to drive a little out of my way to go there, i ll gladly do it knowing that since she s been astounding to me once before that she ll always be that way
also she has a really great website
and we bought a few cookies there too, they were fantastic as well
she deserves many5 star reviews
food craving gone and weight loss at acupuncture doctor
i am a college student.
before treatment, my food cravings were  out of control  which caused me to be stressed out.
i experienced a definite decrease in food craving  about 50   and decrease in stress after the 1st treatment.
i actually loss4 pounds after my 1st treatment and2 pounds after my 2nd treatment.
i was amazed.
i am now more at peace and my food craving is about 99  gone after only3 treatments.
before coming to acupuncture doctor i was a big baby about needles and only came because my boyfriend s aunt recommended it.
it hurt very little, felt more like pressure than pain.
what i like most about dr. liau is that she is very caring.
she talks to you at each appointment.
i can tell she really cares and wants to help.
i am so glad to have found dr. liau.
now i feel more confident wearing my bathing suit in the summer.
an asset to richmond
for a long time, one big source of entertainment missing from the richmond city limits was a first  run multiplex.
bowtie has filled that role nicely.
the theatre is in an old brick warehouse, which is a block away from the flying squirrels stadium.
the owners of bowtie manged to add something new while preserving what was already there.
the theatre has greatly improved the surrounding neighborhood.
there s plenty of parking, and i ve never had an issue with audience members who wo nt stop talking or answering their cellphones.
best of all, there are no ads
just previews and the main feature.
expect to pay full price, and the theatres themselves are on the small side.
but if you like going to the movies, you should love bowtie.
the mangers also play a classic movies on sundays, you can get a beer in the lobby, and repeat customers can get discounts if they have a member card.
a great cinema in a great location.
thank you, bowtie
craft wonderland with history
my first visit was so fun yesterday.
i could have stayed all day and not seen all the things.
i am doing origami jewelry and found exactly the right things for earrings and got many other ideas there too.
i bought a beginner s quilling set and like making the filigree forms you can make and add to other crafts.
the owner, jean, has been there 31 years
what a history.
she is a super sweet, lovable and well  informed woman with a great sense of humor.
i really enjoyed meeting her and happy to learn she comes from oklahoma and has the values of a solid no bs country girl.
this store is a real gem and has much to offer the serious crafter or the occasional crafter.
by the way, salmagundi  the store name  means something like smorgasbord  potpourri  motley  variety  mixed bag  miscellaneous assortment  mixture, a variety of many kinds of things.
great name for a great store
shop local
barbara quimba 13010
the 2010 genesis is grrrrrrrreeeaaat
i am a proud owner of a brand new 2010 hyundai genesis.
i have never seen this car before until this lady at wal mart had it and she told me she got it here and that everyone was so nice to her.
i asked her who she worked with and she just told me ti was the sales manager.
i took the weekend off and came in and asked for the manager who is jeff and he remembered her right away even remembered her dog, i was a bit shocked that someone would pay that close attention.
we got to talking and he got me set up and i test drove with craig and i fell head over heels for this car all i kept saying,  was i got ta have it
i thouhgt it would be out of my price range but they really worked with me and now i could nt be happier.
jeff and craig are really good at what they do and know exactly how to treat a customer.
definitely go see them
bait and switch, untrained workers
called the bonanza store2 weeks ago, before i ripped out 350 sq ft of ceramic tile ... was told i would need a  dual head concrete grinder  to remove thinset and make a nice  finished  look  ready for concrete stain .
was quoted  55 all inclusive of grinder inserts, etc.
no problem, sounded like it s done every day.
will look beautiful.
got the tile ripped out, call today, now all the sudden this grinder wo nt leave a finished look and it s  125 plus around  75 for the inserts.
i can rent another machine for like  60 that will give it a finished look.
so from  55 to  260
are they serious
i feel like they did nt tell me the pitfalls before i pulled out this tile and now that i have no other options they want5 times the price
either these people do nt know anything about what they are renting, or worse  they are bait and switching.
one suspects that earlier reviewer works for another laundry.
outside of parking being at a premium, especially on discount days, the laundry tub is not filthy and it s no smaller than any of a dozen laundromats i ve been in.
yes, there are bigger, but bigger is nt necessarily better.
i availed myself of the wash n fold service, taking just about a year s worth of dirty clothes in and getting back neatly folded, clean clothes in clear plastic bags  i d originally brought them in, in six large yellow garbage bags .
the cost was certainly reasonable and i will continue my patronage of the laundry tub in the future.
did nt hurt any that they knew my name by my second visit and greeted me warmly then and on my third visit.
whereas my answer to the question  where do you get your laundry done   used to be,  at the checkout line at walmart,  i can honestly say the answer now is,  at the laundry tub.
thank you
i recently took a rescue puppy to this clinic and i was shocked at how well romeo and my family was treated.
they worked around the clock to ensure that my puppy life was saved.
we have to leave him at the vet for3 days and i was told to call for check ups as often as i wished that no matter how many times i called i would not annoy them.
lol they where super friendly towards us and treated us like people not walking bags of cash.
in this day it s rare to find such wonderful people who care, not the kind of want to make cash.
i would strongly suggest you give them the chance to prove to you that not all people in this world are evil
i will never go to another vet as long as i have animals.
i live nearly two hours away and yet i will still make the drive to see them
in fact i look forward to taking my animals to the vet simply because of how my animals and i are treated.
okay, here s the scoop.
i m a regular at the hh.
the food is excellent, the serivce is horrible.
i think they re still in the mindset from when it was only smokers sitting around and drinking ... not in any hurry.
in my experience the food has been excellent  for the most part .
however, the bartenders  waitresses definately need to be retrained  if they ever had any to begin with  and learn two things  only chat with customers when other customers are not impatiently waiting and to look around more often to see if people are waiting.
in some cases the result is because of understaffing, in some cases the staff just does nt care  know better.
they must also get something to keep take  out warm, so it s not room temperature at best when you get it home.
you just have to know what you re getting into when you go.
nice local pub, excellent food  especially wings , and do nt go if you have a limited amount of time.
trust the midas touch
i personally trust this midas store with all my vehicles, i have been going there for years  would never go anywhere else
the staff is very personable  actually care about the customers safety rather than taking there money.
this is however a very busy shop but there are appointments available  the staff up front will surely make sure you get back in a timely manner.
i look at some of these other comments  laugh because people think that the world revolves around them
like the girl with the fuse problem ...
midas has the most high tech equipment in town  i guarantee you if they told you it was electrical then in deed it s electrical
maybe you should understand how the world works  realize you are just like any other person  not put yourself on a pedestal.
i will continue going to dave at midas because he is one of the most honest business owners in this town
when having your car worked on you have to trust the mechanic  this midas is truly someone you can trust
we decided to try this place last night because we noticed that it had some interesting things on the menu aside from the usual rolls  live scallop sashimi, duck breast nigiri with foie gras, panko mussels  but none of these were particularly great or worth the sticker price.
additionally we tried the logan circle roll, spicy crab and tuna roll, and sweet potato tempura roll   15,  10, and  3.75 respectively .
the sweet potato tempura roll was actually a great surprise  cheap and delicious, the only thing we tried that i would say was well worth it and a great value  and i never get vegetarian rolls .
the other rolls were nt at all special, especially given their pricing.
the bottom line is that the food is nt great and is relatively high  priced.
the service is solicitous, the atmosphere is nice and mod except the out  of  place flat  screen tv playing football.
but i d go elsewhere unless the prices are cut.
it s just not worth it.
do nt expect sleep or courtesy
i was booked for2 nights at this hotel in oct 2007.
at 315 am on night 2, the fire alarm and strobe light activated in my room.
these are not household type alarms.
when they sound off, it is a true audio  visual experience.
i called the front desk and got no answer.
after checking for signs of fire or smoke and seeing none, i decided to just pack up and leave.
the desk agent actually argued with me, claiming that no such alarm had gone off  as if i would make that up  .
he finally admitted that only the4 ada room alarms had sounded, so only4 guests were effected  no big deal to him .
this little drip offered no apologies whatsoever, and even refused to give me the name of the manager until i pressed him for it3 times.
this hotel is adequate enough, but there is an obvious problem with the staff and management.
do not go there if you expect to sleep through the night.
poor service, lack of passion  do not go
i began seeing dr. romanick back in 2000 and have seen a significant decline in the quality of care, patient  doctor communication, and just the overall level of services.
the poor quality starts at the receptionist desk, where the staff is very impatient and lack the efficiency i once loved about the office.
it took them nearly two months to complete a simple task, and countless calls from my part due to their lack of response and passion  not that it s a requirement for the job, but it helps to at least pretend to be helpful .
also, i was promised to have my test results emailed to me, but it never happened, and after a few attempts to get dr. romanick on the phone to brief me on my condition, i finally gave up and went to a different doctor.
please do not go there if it s professional, friendly, diligent medical services you re looking for.
save yourself the trouble, money and time and visit a more caring facility  doctor.
the moving company is actualy based in brooklyn, but advertised all over ny  nj, including fort lee.
when the guys arrived 2 hours later than agreed  they told that you have to pay all the tolls they payed coming from brooklyn and extra  100 for them to drive back from your destination.
that was not in agreement eather, but they realy demand it.
and another  100 for wrapping the furniture.
so totalling  212 just for start before any work started.
guess what, was not in the initial agreement as well.
i was moving out from2 bdr apartment and it took for3 strong guys6 hours to load a track  from2 pm 8 pm .
the only reason i m giving3 stars instead of1 or2, i should admit, nothing was broken.
so i still can recomend them but prepare pay twice as much as they tell you initially.
one more thing, they do nt take any credit cards or checks.
you have to pay cash only before they start unloading track on your destination.
worst apartments ever
we lived here for2 years, the first year or so was okay.
then, the more power they gave to linda, the worse the place got.
we were always having our water shut off, there were always people having parties at the pool, even after it was supposed to be closed.
the pool was supposed to close at 10 and they would have people down there until 1145 yelling, playing music and do who  knows  what in the dark corners of the pool.
then, when we moved out, we cleaned the apartment top to bottom, they came back and tried to charge us for two cleaning fees  and we never got our deposit back  and past utilities  that were already paid, we have check numbers and records of this .
linda is the rudest person you will ever talk to and she sticks up for all of the trashy, rude people that live there, not the nice ones that actually give a crap about respecting others.
do not live here, you will regret it
the worst experience ever
i have worked with ted jurek at decor and you, and it started out as a decent experience.
he was referred to me by a friend, who did nt have the best experience with ted, but said that ted was able to make up for his lack of preparedness at the end.
i figure i would give this company a chance.
however, after giving a required  500.00  non refundable  deposit before seeing any plans or ideas, i was sorry i did.
we met a couple of weeks later, ted was late.
he brought fabric books, and pictures of furniture only, which all came way over budget.
by the time we got to the budget i told him i could work with, there was basically no design.
just curtains and a couple of accessories.
what is that
this company is way too expensive with nothing to show for it.
please everyone .... take heed and do nt get caught up in the hype about decor and you working with every budget ...
this is just a way for them to squirm their way into your precious pocket
horrible.
horrible.
when we walked in, the person behind desk said   oh well, you must wait, i am in the middle of something.
after a good few minutes, he asked   what do you want
somewhere in between his rudeness he asked if we smoked.
i asked if this hotel had smoking rooms.
he immediately said  no, there is a  50 deposit now
sure enough he charged it to the credit card.
when i inquired he rudely replied  in the morning when things are checked out you ll get it back.
i called customer service about it because the website specifically states that there are no other charges at the check  in.
i also mentioned to the reception person.
he responded  we have problem with  people  .
imagine a hotel having problems with people.
i finally alerted him to his rudeness.
he said he s had a long and bad day.
we had no choice but to stay but will take this as far as we can.
do nt stay there.
i came to find out the person was the hotel owner also.
my friend and i were to stay here for a girls night, catch up on our lives evening.
we live within 20 miles of the hotel and wanted to get away from our responsibilities for the night.
unfortunalty my husband and i had to put our 13 year old lab down that morning and we were not expecting this.
my friend called the hotel to cancel our room as soon as i called her.
they said that we were to be charged for this room regardless because we did not cancel within the 72 hours.
i called them back a few hours after putting my bodhi down and they still would nt budge.
times are hard, i know, but they had no compassion.
i called3 times to talked to a manager, never a call back.
i emailed4 times, never a response.
in one of the emails i attached the letter from the vet s that expressed their sympathy, this hotel did nothing.
i even emailed mackinaw tourist and nothing.
i am sure this is a good place to stay from reading the other reviews, but if something unexpected happens in your life, they will not care.
fanfuckingtastic
ok i am a new yorker who has been going to school in oxford, england.
i thought the uk was completely devoid of good nyc style pizza.
i thought to get a decent pizza the only way was at a fancy restaurant, and i have to get a whole pie.
i thought i would have to wait until i went home to nyc.
well then i went on a trip to glasgow and was walking around.
i saw this place and it looked like the holy grail.
i knew i had found the real deal, big pies, sold by the slice, with the pizzas sitting under the glass in the front.
they have crushed red pepper flakes and oregano.
so i ordered a slice.
it tasted like i just flew back home.
i du n no how they did it, but scottish friends  this is the real deal.
i congratulated this establishment for doing the research on making nyc pizza because these scots fcking nailed it.
that being said, i do nt know how their delivery service is.
they might want to change the name to reflect the new yorkedness of the pizza, scrummy yummy sounds gimmicky to me.
good food, good wait staff, poor management
we visited on 72608 for dinner we received a gift certificate for the mama mia s on greenfield ave.
the food was good, and so was our waitress.
when it came time to pay the bill up front, they would not let me use any of the certificate for a tip  which i have done with any other restaurant i ve gotten a gift certificate for.
i then asked if i could have money back in cash.
the person went to go check with the manager, who was sitting at a table chatting with her friends who were eating there.
her answer was short and manner rather rude.
sorry for interrupting i guess.
the cashier was also short, unapologetic and made me feel as i was wasting her time.
there were no other options available  i only brought my check card to cover any overage cost  and she rang it up and applied it to the gift card before telling me about the tip policy.
i will not be visiting mama mia s again.
there are other places with food just as good with management that values customers and employees much more.
dining at texas roadhouse
texas roadhouse has very good meals, that the meat comes right off the bones.
it has very good prices.
on a bad note the waiting area is not enjoyable or enough seats.
also, there should not be peanuts all over the floor.
next, there should only be one person bringing you your food.
it s not a big deal but i had to take my salad home because they forgot to bring it.
i had to ask the girl who brought my food and she never came back to let me know.
i had to wait for my waitress.
when you first come in the hostess is not very friendly, there is just a bunch of workers standing there.
i was there on march 6th, 2009.
i was also there of july 4th 2008, when my daughter s buffalo wings came out with a fly on it.
the manager came over and said he was sorry and gave a new batch of wings, he said we ca nt really do anything because the doors are always opening and closing.
in my opinion should of just took off the price of the wings from the bill.
but everyone has there own way
mezza luna ftw
their mezza lunas are deffly better than the pizza rolls.
it s like a pizza roll, but they just toss ham and cheese inside.
it seems like it s healthier too, but it s prolly not.
also, you can call em ahead of time, and then go to pick up ur food, or have it delivered .
that cuts down on teh wait time, cus u can do other stuff while u r waiting.
it usually takes 20 mins for a mezza luna, as they have to add pure delicious extract to the mix.
their pizza was a little salty for me, but it s still good.
they do that whole thing where you sandwich the pepperoni between layers of cheese for  32 delicious.
anyways, the mezza luna  you should try it.
it runs you about4 bucks and it deals crushing blows to hunger.
edit  living on campus at clarkson university, i have had food delivered before.
this was back between 05 and 09 and i do nt remember how many times we ve had it delivered.
perhaps they do nt deliver anymore, but the deliciousness of a mezza luna certainly warrants a pickup.
my 2004 x  type was getting close to 100,000 miles so it was time for an upgrade.
i sent my wife and daughter over to check out a preowned 2009 xf.
michael chestney was very pleasant and patient with my wife and she suggested i go check it out.
i went in later that afternoon and met with michael.
he showed me the car i was interested in and we took a test drive.
i loved the car so we began negotiating my trade  in and the price of the 09 xf.
the entire negotiation took about 20 minutes.
fair give and take on both sides until we agreed on a deal that was within my parameters and was fair to both sides.
10 minutes of paperwork and i was the owner of a beautiful preowned 09 xf.
i have purchased over 15 vehicles  cars, rvs, and boats  in my lifetime and i have to say the experience with michael and barrett motor cars of san antonio was one of the best.
friendly, knowledgeable, and above all fair.
that s all you can really ask from a car dealer and michael and barrett hit all3.
thanks for the great deal and the great car
identity theft
myself and my fiance s identity was stolen from the office staff.
we were told by a detective and asked to check our credit for anything unusual.
luckily they caught the crooks before they did one on us.
it was a black female that use to work in the office.
she stole the information and gave it to another guy that did all the work.
the other guy was pulled over one day and a cop saw suspicious papers with names and social security numbers on it.
that s how they were caught.
they both went to jail and a new manager was put in charge of the apartments.
the apartment across from mine belonged to a gang of hookers.
nobody lived there.
a girl would show up, then a guy in a nice car would show up.
short time later the guy would leave, then the girl.
my apartment was usually quiet.
i lived in one that did not face the parking lot.
parking spaces are just big enough for a mini cooper.
it sucked having an suv.
if i found a spot, i could nt fit in it.
gates worked 30  of the time at best.
bugs were a small problem, nothing too bad.
the best there is in service.
i was recently traveling down i  24 from nashville with my3 young children and had a blowout on the southeast side of murfreesboro.
it was 450 when a friend told me to call bud, he would take care of me.
not only did they answer the phone at 450 on a thursday, they hit the ground moving.
they tracked down the only tire that fit my bmw 330i in murfreesboro within minutes and secured it, then they came out, took off my tire  it was a runflat  but runflats do nt do you any good if they blow out , and brought it to their shop to change the tire.
they were back quickly considering how far outside of murfreesboro we were and had us on our way by 630 that evening.
thanks bud for all of your help and taking time away from your family that evening.
it s without a doubt, the best service experience i ve ever had and just to be clear, the price he charged me was the same as my tire guy in nashville s price for putting on the other rear tire.
i hope i can return the favor in the future
alan grissom
room ok.
service and client base not ok.
i have stayed in this hotel many times, and while it typically offers a decent bang for the buck, its client base largely consists of troubled youngsteers and evictees from the local, not so pleasant hood.
i have never considered this a real problem as i travel without kids and can fend for myself, but when i had to listen to a  nonviolent  domestic fight that lasted from1 am to5 am during my last stay and i found out that the front desk was unmanned during night hours, my choice was to either waste tax payers money by calling for a yet another police dispatch to this hotel, or just get over it.
i chose the later, but approached the front desk about the hotel policy to push over their responsibilities on local authorities, not to mention the good night s sleep i paid for but did nt get.
i was told management would call me back but still waiting for that call.
i will probably stay here again because it s cheap and i ca nt afford a better hotel, but do not look forward to it and would definitely not recommend this hotel for families or single female travellers.
was there this past weekend and the guy behind the counter yelled at me and my son because we believed he left the grandma slice in the oven a little too long and the cheese got all dried out and the slice tasted more like a cracker.
he preceded to grab the slice off the countertop and throw it into the trash while yelling at me saying,  you do not order what you do not know about  and  you do nt know how pizza is made .
it was very upsetting to see this kind of behavior especially in front of my four year old.
he was in the process of making me a pie and when i got home, the pie was the worst i have ever seen.
cheese was falling off, so oily and greasy.
i think he did it on purpose because of my simple request for another slice of grandma that was nt so well  done  actually, burnt .
i will never go back to this place and i am reporting them to the better business bureau for such horrible customer relations and basically sabotaging my pizza and taking my  25.
this story is 100  true.
that little man who thinks he invented pizza can kiss my ss.
long lines, silly rules, rude staff, ok food
the first thing you notice when you arrive on location is that the waiting line literally goes out the door and spills into the parking lot.
a restaurant with this many patrons willing to stand in line just to order tacos must be good, right
i mean, that s the way it works at amusement parks  the longest lines are at the best rides.
well, this may be an exception.
the staff taking your order and  waiting  on you are very indifferent and have no sense of costumer service at all.
i have gotten better results talking to comcast customer service than with these folks.
and do nt even think about asking to speak to the manager because this guy is, and pardon my french, a jerk.
if you have gotten through ordering, dealing with the rude staff and if you followed the dumb rules, you are finally presented with what you came for .. some tacos that are  ok,  but definitely not worth putting up with all the hassle.
save yourself the trouble and skip this place all together.
i suggest you go up to raging taco  raging burrito a couple of blocks up the street or even taco mac.
wish this was in saratoga
we were introduced to bistro tallulah by traveler  professional diner who happens to own the adelphi hotel and travels the world  and residing in paris, london, new york the rest of the year.
she knows great food and dining experiences.
she was dead on  this restaurant was wonderful  do not be put off by the one negative review on this page.
i can tell you we were pleasantly surprised  bt has taste memory and each time back the food was consistently delicious  same dishes  were consistent.
our friend is a world traveler and loves unpretentious dining experiences and inspired food.
this chef knows what he is doing.
treat yourself and go  you will go back
i am a business owner in downtown saratoga springs and wish this restaurant was in our town
the affordable rent makes it possible for an inspired chef to serve his high quality fare at affordable prices
unlike saratoga.
i rrly seek the cehf out to introduce myself  but the second time we went  i made a point of asking our wait person to introduce my friend and myself to the chef to tell him just how good our meals were.
can not wait to go gain.
r. morris.
i think that the re pretty good.
first of all, if you call for an appointment they wo nt tell you to call back a month later so you can then make one.
they also do nt tell you that they re going to mail you an  application  to be admitted to be a patient.
i feel that the way some doctor s offices work around here is a little bit absurd so i m happy that these guys do nt do those two things in particlular.
usually you can be seen the same week or maybe the following week.
the doctor did tell me that my male pattern baldness is due to my mother s father because the gene is exclusively passed on through maternal line but that s a common misconception  httpwww.consumerreports.orghealthhealthylivingbeautypersonalcarehairloss1008hairloss.htm .
in general i would say that the staff is attentive and nice.
but then again i was nice to them so that could have been why.
anyhow, after reading some of the other reviews it seems like some of the other reviewers are expecting mircles.
if you want miracles you ll have to go to 21st st.
it s a pretty typical primary care office but for the area it s very good.
they do nt do certain things that are really annoying about other offices.
first trip to canada
i recently traveled to canada on business and had a most excellent experience.
i work for a large retail company recently expanding our operations into canada and had to travel to ensure all of our computer network equipment was installed properly and on time.
this can tend to be a stressful experience in itself let alone adding crossing boarders for the first time.
i was very pleased to find my accommodations and the hotel staff to be a very calming and comforting part of my trip.
i found the hotel to be amazingly clean, not to mention very well adorned with many pleasant surprises.
from my first encounter at check in to my regrettable check out i found the staff and facility to exceed my expectation.
i completely enjoyed my whole check in experience and was impressed with the friendliness and professionalism of the staff as well as the accommodations themselves.
i will be traveling in this area in the future and you can be assured that this experience will be helpful in my choice of hotels and novotel will be my first selection.
yes the parking can be a challenge but being from nj i am no stranger to tight corners.
please pass my appreciation to the staff and management for their excellent hospitality and good spirits as it helped make a stressful trip enjoyable.
favorite place in tampa.
update  i had to add to my review.
i was just in last night and had a chance to dine in their new dining room.
amazing
i frequent this resturant on a weekly basis but usally only for lunch.
well i was in for a treat when i was greeted by the friendly girls at the counter who asked if my wife and i would like to sit in their  new  dining room.
right away they told us that it was the same great food with the same prices so off we went.
we were greeted again and sat promptly.
after looking at the menu and seeing the new menu items they had, we knew we were in for a treat
i had the chicken parmesan dinner and my wife had the shrimp scampi dinner.
amazing
the portions were generous enough that we even took some home
i have to say the value of this place always amazes me.
it s nice to see that even in the economy we can eat a place that has upscale service, amazing atmosphere, and incredible food, but not break the bank while enjoying it
bottom line is that when it s a small privatly owned resturant like this is you can tell that the owners and employees take pride in their product and service.
well done
great work and honest establishment
i typically have work done on my jeep at the dealership, but it is6 years old now and getting charged dealership prices just did nt seem cost effective anymore.
i had tried out few place around the area and had been ripped off a few times.
i had hear great things about phet and gg automotive so i decided to give him a try.
the service was excellent and personable.
he checked out what i needed to have done told me what needed be fixed before he did any work and did great repair work.
the price was actually lower than what i had anticipated and used to compared to other places, plus he showed me the work he did when i came in to pick up the car.
also, a week after the work, phet called me up to see how my car was running and to let me know that they had accidentally overcharged me for part of the work and wanted to give me a refund for that amount.
that is just unheard of these days
i grew up in a small town where you knew and trusted your mechanic and was really cynical about city auto repair shops since i moved here, but phet has shown that there really are honest hard working mechanics around.
he is my mechanic going forward
our company is a high end designer handbag and fashion accessories company, thus we are certainly a niche market.
we had been evaluating seo providers for quite some time and finally decided to take the plunge with stuart, and ulistic.
we made the decision for a couple of reasons.
1. social media.
we were familiar with search engine optimization strategies, but new nothing about social media  we just heard that it was the next big thing.
2. we really liked the fact that stuart sets defined objectives and we meet once a month to go over our key performance indicators.
how has it gone so far
well we have been working with ulistic for 1.5 months, and have 100 people following our site on facebook, and our web site, www.designofashion.com has seen a3 fold increase in traffic, which is significantly beating our expectations  seo is a process that takes time and to get results this quickly is exceptional.
we are absolutely confident that stuart s ethical and focused strategies will see these trends continue to grow, and our business will reap the rewards of this program.
finally, it must be said that stuart is a fantastic person to work with, because of his solid strategies and equally as importantly because he is a genuinely good person and a great communicator.
excellent service and quality
i had hom  excel replace most of the windows in my tampa residence three years ago.
the excellent windows have performed without any problems, but that s not why i m writing my review.
three weeks ago, burglars tried to gain entry into the rear of my home.
the intruders slit the screen of the window.
next, they tried to force the window with a pry bar and then to break the window with a hammer.
the window did nt break
my next  door neighbor heard the noise and turned on a light, thankfully scaring the two miscreants away  they even left their hammer behind  .
i called home  excel the next day to order a replacement screen for the window, and was happily surprised when they said that they were nt even going to charge me for the replacement screen ... that it would be covered under their guarentee.
lo and behold, they replaced the screen  which had to be ordered  yesterday and did nt charge me a dime.
their worker even cleaned3 of my windows and changed a lightbulb for me.
in this day and age, it is so rare to find a company with such nice workers and such far ranging guarantee policies.
i rarely write reviews such as this one, but they certainly deserve anyone s business
friendly staff, but definitely some problems
may, 2009.
we were booked at the sheraton with a number of other out  of  town wedding guests.
got put into the wrong room the first night, and were quite surprised to have someone with the same room key trying to get in the door at 100 am
next day got moved into another room, on the same floor with other wedding guests.
there were3 adults in our room but towels for only2, no linens for sofa bed.
in the second room it took3 tries to get all the towels and linens we requested.
a package and some wedding cards were left in our first room.
they were sent to our second room and had been opened  the ribbon  wrapped present, and all3 envelopes.
security in the hotel seemed to be excellent, but we were never given an explanation as to why someone would open these items.
a midafternoon  fire drill  was disruptive, putting everyone out of the hotel.
when we called the front desk about an extremely boisterous crowd in the hall outside our door quite late at night, it seemed to take the hotel staff quite a while to quiet them down.
the staff was friendly, especially the front desk female supervisor, and seemed to want to help, but too many unusual things happened to make us want to stay there again.
be careful of who your sales guy is
i think this place is probably really great especially judging by the reviews on here.
my experience was awful though.
it all had to do with the sales guy which was a young 22 year old who had admittedly only been working for2 weeks.
i was extremely interested in the car and very likely would have bought it, but the sales guy i dealt with ruined the deal.
essentially, i told him i did nt trust him cause he was a car salesman, but he got so incredibly offended at that statement that he had to go cry to another salesman and compose himself before coming back.
i do nt know if the kid had a bad day or what, but i had to sit and apologize about nothing for 10 minutes until he dropped the issue.
after that, i just tried to ignore his lack of professionalism and test drive the car.
i played dumb and asked him questions that i already knew the answers to and he responded with half truths and a few falsehoods.
for instance i asked who owned mazda and he said with confidence that was gm, which is nt true.
i mean, i do nt care if he does nt know, but if he pretends to know and tells me bs to my face, there s no way i m going to trust him when matters turn to the price of the car and financing.
the worst chinese i ve ever had
this is by far the worst chinese food i have ever had.
the service stunk.
i called in my order and upon arriving to pick it up, they got my order confused with someone else s.
they helped about three other people before they offered to help me again.
they also got my friend s order mixed up and wanted to charger her  10 more than what she had wanted.
she asked for the dinner combo and they gave her two dinner plates instead.
we were standing in the store for 20 minutes to simply pick up an order.
not to mention that the wait staff was about as pleasant as dealing with an angry bull.
they were abrasive and rude  when they were the ones who messed everything up.
we had to throw out about 80 percent of our meals because the food tasted so horrible.
i do nt know how it is possible to make orange chicken, sesame chicken and kung pao chicken as well as cheese puffs taste that bad but china delight accomplished that.
the only thing that was edible was the steamed rice and the vegetable lo mein was barely tolerable.
i will never go here again.
lucky panda in willis is a billion times better in service and quality of the meal.
i have no idea how china delight won number1 chinese restaurant in montgomery  there needs to be a recount on that vote.
terrible service
one of the worst experiences i ve ever had with a auto repair shop.
we took our vehicle in for a repair to the air conditioning.
approx4 months later, the compressor went out.
we took it back in to have it repaired again, and less than a week later the second compressor went out.
we went in for a third visit and they fixed it again, but this time when we picked up the car, the radio and clock did not work.
so for the 4th time in5 months and the third time in2 weeks, we brought the car back again.
when we expressed our discontent to the manager  that s right, the manager , did he say he would return some money, did he say he would give a discount on our next visit, did he just say  i m sorry .
nope, none of the above.
he stood there and told us how he was nt at fault.
it was the fault of the parts supplier, and can we imagine how he felt having to put another2 hours of work in the car.
and what did we expect ... that he bench test every part.
at no time during the conversation did the words,  i m sorry  ever come out of his mouth.
i, nor anyone else in my family, will ever go to sun devil auto again.
well, unless of course the third compressor he put in the car goes out.
do not use this company
i dropped off a sheet metal piece that i needed copied due to th it was needing to be replaced.
i asked if they could copy the piece i dropped off.
they said it would be made exactly like the one i needed to replace.
i picked it up when it was finished and was charge 30.00.
when i got to the job and tried to insert the new piece of metal it would not fit
i took the original piece of metal and rigged it to make due since i had to complete the job.
i took the receipt and the metal that did not fit and asked pomper for my money back.
the girl at the desk was sooo rude i could not believe it
she told me she could not use the piece i was returning and the company would only put it in the trash so i could not return it.
i explained i did not get what i paid for.
she asked me to bring the original piece back and i told her i had to use it on the job.
she told me that was to bad she would do nothing to help me since she could not use or resell the piece.
i said i was going to trash it also and could i at least have a credit.
with a smirk on her face she told me no money is being returned and that is the way it was.
do not use this company.
there are to many people that need our business to have to put up with this unfair treatment
i would never recommend this gym to anyone and unfortunately this is based solely on the owner s own unprofessionalism.
when i originally joined in january i only did so because i was told i would be able to cancel the 12 month membership if i was to move away.
i signed up with one of the staff who was very pleasant and professional.
actually working out there was good  the machines are nice and the classes are fun.
the locker room is certainly lacking  i would never shower or change there.
they need to update the locker rooms asap.
back to my poor rating  i was excepted to medical school and went in to cancel my membership as i was told i could do since i was moving away.
the owner was very rude, accused me of not reading my contract, and basically told me to shut up when i was trying to ask questions to further understand the process of canceling my membership.
i was able to cancel it but only after paying a  50 fee  which the staff person who signed me up stated i would not have to pay if i had proof of moving  and being spoken to in a very belittling manner.
i would understand if i was being treated this way by a staff member but the club s actual owner
bad for business.
i was appalled.
i will never recommend this gym to any woman.
the equipment and classes are nt good enough to deal with the rudeness from the staff
there are better places on the cape  fitness 500
the salon experience from hell
i feel obligated to share this story.
right out of college i called the salon and explained my situation.
just graduated, just moved, not rich, and starting new job soon.
i never got a price quote over the phone and they take your cc info just to make the appointment because if you do nt show up, they ll charge you.
i had this ridiculous celebrity stylist from la named derrick.
after he already put product on my hair he said  i should warn you, i m expensive.
what was i supposed to do, say i ca nt afford you and walk out with crap all over my hair.
i wanted to be very blonde and instead he pulled my root color throughout my whole hair which is a gross mousey brown.
the other stylists around me kept pressuring me saying he s so wonderful, you re going to love your hair.
400 later my jaw dropped when the receptionist told me the total.
derrick did a terrible job, was a complete jerk the entire time, and i had no warning as to the price.
i cried the entire way home.
he then  fixed  it for free but it still looked like crap.
i will never go back.
it was the salon experience from absolutely hell.
he also told me that he worked on the cast of will and grace and that they were all jerks.
that s my favorite show of all time.
i m pretty sure for the cast that it was the other way around.
maybe he did nt do a good job and they told him so.
absolute nightmare
stay away
very unhappy ...
working with rod jacobsen was my first experience working with a cpa, so i did not know what to expect.
that said  he seemed to be doing well enough.
however, then i asked to amend my return to apply a credit i had just become eligible for.
i expected to pay for this service, but imagine my surprise when i received a bill for more than what i paid to have the original return prepared.
asked why, rod simply told me that he had to research how to do the amendment  it was an amended to show that i had purchased a home  nothing out of the ordinary, one would think  and that took time to figure out.
well, that was strike one.
i was nt going to use them again, but i was going to leave it at that.
however, now that i have come to realize that i am going to owe the irs  6,000  despite doing exactly what rod told me to do, i feel i have to voice my opinion.
last year, after all was said and done, i asked rod whether my payment structure would leave me with no  little tax liability at the end of the year.
he said yes.
well, again, i am now faced with a tax bill of  6,000 , all due on april 15, 2010 and all that rod has to say to the matter is  well, you wo nt have to pay a penalty.
i may not have to pay a penalty, yet, but this is not what i had in mind when hired these guys.
in the words of my new accountant, they let me down
bit sketchy, sporadic delivery times
i bought about half of the furniture i own from this place.
why
because they cut me good deals if i paid in cash.
sketchy, right
well they came through and delivered almost all of my items within a few days.
they even got me a couch pretty quickly.
the guy who was cutting me the deals and getting me the furniture quickly, ahmed, was nice and mostly professional, except the semisketchiness.
then one day, ahmed left the country, not to return for months, without informing me.
he also neglected to tell the other person working at the store about a dining room table that i had ordered and that was supposed to be coming in.
the other person working at the store did nt know that i still had this table coming.
i had paid in cash, and he said he had no receipt  record of my purchase.
i came back with the receipt ahmed had provided upon my purchase, and the guy took forever to copy it but said that he would take care of the situation.
i waited.
and waited.
he never once contacted us.
i ve had to pester this new guy several times to ask when my table will arrive.
he kept saying different arrival  delivery dates and did nt seem terribly apologetic.
it has been3 weeks and i still do nt have my table  which was not cheap, i might add .
point is  you might be able to get a good deal on some nice furniture  which i did  but they re not very communicative and god forbid something goes wrong, you ll have to fight to get it resolved.
poor service
run do nt walk.
my experience with home delivery service has been one of disappointment and anger.
if i could give them a lower rating than poor i would.
on august 21st, 2009 i ordered furniture from hickory furniture mart and contracted for hds to deliver it.
after seventeen days the delivery van showed up at my home minus two pieces.
i was later told they had been left at the warehouse and some future date they would be delivered.
no one will give me a date.
i spent  2300 on the bedroom suite, which was complete and excellent condition on the showroom floor.
upon delivery it was clear the entire set was damaged  a piece of wood was broke on the headboard  the chest of drawers was missing all four pieces necessary to attach the legs  the dresser back legs were pushed in causing the dresser to lean into the wall  and a nighstand was missing a drawer.
how do you lose a drawer.
after complaining on september 10th to national home furnishings, boyles, the hickory furniture mart and home delivery service the latter finally called me back and said they would be up to pick the dresser and chest of drawers at some future point and at some later point it would be professional repaired and at some later point it would be returned.
the customer service at home delivery service was terrible let alone their promise to proper set up furniture.
so i am in limbo regarding a bedroom suite.
i hope the owners and employees of this store have broken bedroom suites in their homes and furniture sitting in someone s warehouse.
maybe then they will begin to understand poor customer service and terrible sit up service.
excellent driving school
i was involved in a car accident 20 years ago and since then i ve been a nervous wreck and have nt been behind the wheel.
unfortunately, a family emergency required me to conquer this fear.
a very good friend of mine highly recommended the professional driving school and i was told to specifically ask for gerry.
she highly recommended him and described him as the  saintly instructor and simply the best instructor there is .... very calm, pleasant and very detailed in giving instructions .
i called the school most probably 10 times before i finally enrolled in a 20 hour package.
i had to cancel my initial lesson4 times and on the 5th attempt the management was quick enough to associate my cancellations with my fear and finally encouraged me into taking my initial lesson.
five minutes before my initial lesson, i got a call from gerry advising me of his arrival and to come down as soon as i was ready.
my heart pounded as i walked down and pounded even faster upon seeing gerry in an suv  lexus
i thought of canceling the lesson once again because i did nt feel comfortable driving an suv.
gerry pleasantly said  since i am already here why do nt we give it shot.
i trust you and believe that you ll be able to handle this and all you have to do is to reciprocate
trust me and most especially trust and believe in yourself.
do nt worry, i ll take care of you
....... the rest was history
here i am now driving confidently on my own.
gerry, i ca nt thank you enough for helping me cope with my fear.
to my friend, thank you for your recommendation ... you were true to your words in saying gerry is a  saintly instructor ... absolutely simple the best instructor and best driving school there is
review on house of joy chinese restaurant
my family and i moved to san antonio a year ago and have tried almost all of the chinese restaurants because we love chinese food.
well it took us a while to find one that we liked.
but we do nt just like house of joy we love it.
everything we have gotten there has been more authentic and better tasting than any other chinese restaurant in the san antonio area we have been to  and trust me we have been to a lot of them.
we just happen to stumble across this little restaurant one day when we had to visit the bexar county tax office off of bandera road.
we stopped in and got some take out and can not stop going back.
they have the best egg drop soup i have ever tasted.
we also love their egg rolls and spring rolls.
and every entree we have ordered is perfect.
everything is always cooked fresh and tastes fresh.
their prices are extremely reasonable for the amount of food you receive.
the staff is also just so pleasant to deal with.
they are also quick at getting your order out to you.
you do nt have to sit and wait around forever like most places
so anyone looking for an excellent night out for chinese or maybe just lunch should stop in and try it because i promise you2 things  you wo nt regret it
and you will go back for more
karla ferguson  granger
ps i have noticed on here that someone left a comment that  all of the nice comments must come from co workers or friends  and i will tell you that i do nt know these people except from eating at their restaurant.
we are from virginia and just moved here a year ago.
so that comment is completely false.
because we think it s the best
and we do nt know them except for eating there.
dr. strzalka at flagship cvts is not a good doctor
i am not sure about the quality of the other doctors there, but i do know from personal experience that dr. christopher t. strzalka is not a man of his word, and is also very cruel and uncaring
he was going to operate and replace my bicuspid aortic valve due to critical aortic stenosis.
i had a surgery date of july 17, 2008.
then he renigged when he read my health care proxy, even though i agreed to be on the ventilator for2 months following surgery  as he had twice stated i must agree to .
he later said that by2 months he  meant at least two months .
two months and at least two months are totally different things.
he did not even give me the chance to say i would stay on the ventilator longer, which i would have.
a health care proxy is not written in stone and can be changed.
he also never even said he was sorry.
just said i was inoperable and walked out of the hospital room.
so, therefore, now he says i am inoperable  even though i am not 100  inoperable , and he is letting me die.
i am just middle aged and do not want to die, but thanks to this doctor i have no other alternatives.
i, along with my friends, consider this doctor to be the cause of my death as he is not even trying to save my life by operating.
even my pa i went to the other day said  it must by comforting to have gone to a heart surgeon like him who will do nothing for you .
he said it sarcastically.
if you want a doctor who will lie to you and say he will operate and then change his mind, and not know what he is talking about when he recommends procedures at other hospitals and says they are what you need, when they will not work for you, go to this doctor ... he is the one for you.
what you can learn from the below  bad experience .
i would suggest not avoiding second home based on the  bad experience  review.
i d probably be more inclined to board my two dogs here, seeing that they do nt just take every dog coming in.
i ve toured this place and was impressed by how clean the place was, and all the options for the dogs.
it s unfortunate that bmil believed that his  perfect  dog was not given the right opportunity to prove himself.
but i ve done hundreds of dog introductions myself  another place, i do nt work here , and owners can have unrealistic expectations and views of what they see when their dogs meet other dogs.
workers who do these introductions look at the interaction objectively  and it s good to see they are able and willing to say no if they feel there would be a problem.
it sounds  according to your own statement  that they had a roomful of dogs, so they must be doing something right  and are keeping those dogs safe from potential problems.
you say you work a lot, and that you have a young dog  so i have little doubt that your dog is just filled with energy to burn  and it is good of you to look for a place to take him.
but not at a risk to other people s pets.
you were clearly given another alternative by second home, to board him  which might have given your dog a chance to come and go from second home a couple times, getting used to the place and maybe facilitating another attempt to get into daycare later.
no business is going to push customers away without good reason  so is nt it reasonable to think they might know what they re doing
my dogs are far from perfect, and one of them i believe would be a little much for daycare here herself  at least initially .
be a little more reasonable with your expectations of a place like this  and maybe do nt jump to personal attacks suggesting that they do nt want to work hard, just because you bruised your own ego.
dumbest fers ever
i called dominos tonight, it rang forever, i get put on hold twice without saying a word and finally someone says, may i help you
so i say  i m at the radison warwick hotel in rittenhouse square  built in 1926  do you deliver to the warwick
they say no, warwick in new jersey, call new jersey.
i laugh and say, no, that warwick is in new york, but i m at the radison  warwick.
and he says  you re at warwick in pennsylvania
and i said, yes, center city philly, and he says, no, warwick is a township, if you re at a radison in warwick that s too far, try dominos in pottstown.
i say, no, i am at the radison warwick hotel in rittenhouse square.
he says  i not know that town, i have to get to work, i m in philly.
call dominos in your town.
i say listen  i m at 17th and locust, do you deliver there
he says, i have to have an exact address.
ok, 1701 locust street i say.
he says  why you tell me you r in warwick township
he gives the phone to a girl, she says, i have to have your address, i say, do you deliver to 17th and locust, she says, your exact address, i say1 7 0 1 locust, are you sure  she asks
yes i am sure, well, she says, is that on 17th street.
yes, i say.
17th, like over by 16th and 15th yes, i say, one mile west of you.
you re at 7th.
i am just south of walnut.
she says, is that 17th like over past broad.
yes, i am west of broad.
broad, i say, is 14th street and i am3 blocks west of broad and one south of walnut.
hmmm, she says, then why are you calling here, we do nt go past broad
anyway, after much yelling and cussing i hung up, grabbed a cab, and went to geno s.
quick to take money but not quick to fix a problem
bb came out very quickly to give us our quote back in june.
they were very polite, eager to answer any questions and willing to wait for us to return from vacation to begin installing our fence.
our fence was installed quickly in august and they had their money and left saying  workmanship is guaranteed for a year  .
within a week we noticed one of the boards on our gate splitting where a nail had gone in.
we called our representative who assured me he would call the office and have it taken care of.
we heard nothing.
we then called the office and the man we spoke to said he d send someone out to look at it but could nt promise when  two weeks came and went and we heard nothing.
i just called again and was told that workmanship, not wood, is guaranteed for a year  well in my opinion  the wood split due to a nail which is part of workmanship
she even went so far as to say  you r calling about one board
well  when you pay over  1000 for something you want it to hold up and look good
yes
i was calling about one board
i m very frustrated at this point  it would take all of 10 min for them to come by and replace the one board that is cracked  the crack is deep enough to stick a penny in it and it goes clear through  yet they do not want to take the time to bother with what once was a happy customer and has now become a dissatisfied customer.
so i figure if they do nt want to take the time to fix the fence that they installed then i ll take the time to let everyone i can know about how they treat customers once they have your money
stay away
you get what you pay for
they came in under a lot of other quotes and now i know why
when the fence was first installed i would have given them five stars, now for their poor customer follow  up and unwillingness to fix the fence they have dropped to a one  star in my opinion
lots of rules, phantom innkeeper, last minute price was worth it.
i called the  207  number and listened to the same recording loop3 times before i gave up.
i then called the 800 number  which was answered  and inquired about last minute rates.
they had a room with a  99 rate, which i booked.
the room was supposed to be on the 2nd floor, but they put us on the 3rd.
the email confirmation  which i read in the car  warned about large suitcases, declaring that we are innkeepers, not longshoreman.
in other words, they do not help with suitcases, but they promise totes to help.
however upon our arrival no one there  the inn was open .
so no totes.
finally a chambermaid stuck her head around the corner from the top of the stairs and told us sternly that we could not be accommodated until3 m, no exceptions.
then she was gone.
we returned after3 pm, found no one there, and a note from the innkeeper with directions to our room.
rules in the room  1  if you drink the soda from the fridge in your room you must prove it by leaving the can in the trash.
if they think you ve taken a soda from your room home with you, they will charge you  1.50 per can.
they count the cans in the trash to make sure.
2  if you take the shampoo products home, they will charge you 8 per item.
if you want a late checkout,  after 11 am  they charge you  15 for the first hour,  25 for the second hour, and after2 pm it s a full day charge.
4  breakfast is8 am to 10 am.
no earlier and no later.
if you go later, it s all cleaned up.
by whom, i do nt know.
i never saw anyone there.
all these rules are posted in the rooms.
snacks  uninspired bread, tea backs, and individual coffee things for a machine that did nt exist.
i put the coffee thing in hot water and settled for a cup of weak coffee.
no wine glasses.
room was clean, but had a weird, dated, sink  stove combo that did nt work.
bath was clean except shower stall which had mildew problems.
no tub.
the inn touts a shower with dual shower heads, but only one worked.
do nt get the rooms off the two kitchens.
they are right off the kitchen so you hear everything.
free parking.
i d go back if i could get the last minute rate again of  99, but i would nt pay their rack rate.
quit with the overstatements
the worst thing that can happen for any restaurant like zahav is to have too many people write hyperbolic reviews making claims that  everyone  is going to  love  the food, decor and service.
the truth is, in my and my dining partners  experience, this is a fine little restaurant with some unique food.
it s an entirely up and down experience, however.
now, the best of that unique food comes at the very beginning of the meal.
the salatim salads are the smallest plates i ve ever seen placed in front of me  you would most likely think they were condiments if it were nt explained to you .
though they are mostly excellent, you generally do nt get enough forkfuls to know if you really love them.
that being said, the laffa and hummus are out of this world.
then again, for the three of us who dined together, two pieces of flatbread left us fighting for more, and licking the hummus from our fingers  and yes, those two pieces of flatbread did represent a three  person order .
dinner was also an up  and  down experience.
the vegetarian dishes and lighter fare were almost always spot  on, while the lamb was often dry and  or overcooked.
the duck was a 65  glob of chewy fat with no resemblance to the juicy, crispy delicacy it usually represents at other establishments.
dessert was ... hmmm, that s interesting, i do nt even remember dessert.
i guess that tells you a lot.
oh, yes, the chocolate semifreddo was quite good.
the warm chocolate cake was very tasty, but served at room temperature, not warm by any stretch of the imagination.
and my  no, i still do nt remember what i had.
service was average, but nothing special, and restaurants that are supposed to be excellent should do a better job of training their waitstaff to be communicative and friendly, not merely capable.
perhaps had we not gone into this restaurant believing zahav was going to be golden as its name suggests  and as the many golden reviews seem to attest , we would have enjoyed a decent little expensive experience.
but one should not go here expecting something fantastic, unless perhaps you ve never had middle  eastern food before, or succulent duck, tasty lamb, decent portion sizes or actually warm chocolate desserts.
ps  when we called for a reservation, we were told that 500 and 930 were their only openings.
when we arrived at5, and left circa7, there were the same4 or5 empty tables surrounding us.
did they think we were going to feel lucky to get any reservation at all, and therefore be more pleased with our dining experience
must read  do not waste your time in this store.
at my appointment the girl helping me was unable to adequately lace up some of the dresses.
they felt like they were going to fall off of me and it was very difficult to see what i would actually look like were i to purchase some of these dresses.
i thought it would be a good idea to see how a few that i liked would look like on a model  by looking the dress up online .
so, as i was leaving i asked for the designer  dress name or style number associated with my top picks.
they said they were  unable to tell me until they ordered my dress .
hmmm ... a person can not call a company, if you have no idea its name  since the designer is unknown ... supposedly , and order a gown without a dress name or style number.
do other brides fall for this
they either  a  do nt want to give it to me because they do nt want me purchasing the dress elsewhere or b  are recreating the dresses themselves  ie stealing other designers  dress designs and  filling the orders  by their own seamstresses .
i m no detective but ... uhh ... seriously
whatever type of operation they are running, i m not interested and if you re smart, you wo nt be either.
what a waste of time.
aside from that little  mystery , one of the sales ladies was quite comfortable telling me how wrong i was about how another dress that i loved compared to one of her dresses that i was trying on.
somehow, since she supposedly does nt know any names of designers  dresses, after i told her the designer and dress name of the one i was comparing, she knew  exactly which dress  i was referring to and disagreed with my observation  she said that the bodice did come as low as the one i had on.
my point  even if i was wrong, do nt sit there and argue with the customer.
say something like,  huh.
i did nt think so but you could be right.
unless you want to take the  tell the customer how wrong she is and try and force her into a dress she s obviously not loving  approach which will likely get you ... uh ... nowhere.
seriously  do not waste your time.
other shops around this city have much nicer and more transparent owners.
not owners that seem like they have something to hide and know nothing about common courtesy and customer service.
i felt very much like wedding gallery was being dishonest and i would nt trust them to lace me up in another gown let alone trust them with the gown i will wear on the most important day of my life.
awful service
after happily visiting sears automotives in the past, i was shocked at the horrible service received at their greensboro location.
i brought my car in on a sunday to replace a shredded tire.
i waited about 20 minutes in the store part before anyone was able to assist me and was then told to pull my car into the shop  that is apparently what you are supposed to do, but the big signs pointing you that way are for some reason kept inside the garage, so you do nt see them drving up, and they purposely block the front pull  up that all other sears use .
once inside, i had to stand around for at least 10 more minutes before  finally  a technician got to me.
once i returned to pick up my car, you can believe i spent quite a bit more time standing around waiting.
i had wanted to split the total between a credit card and check card since i was being reimbursed for the tire but was told this was nt possible.
once i actually got back in my car, it was dirty and had grease all over the steering wheel.
ok, one bad experience ... fine.
the following friday, i returned with my car to go ahead and replace the other3 tires, which were worn.
i would not have gone back, but i could nt find the particular tire they d used in stock anywhere else.
once again, i waited for quite a bit before being attended to.
i got the order completed, and then questioned the technician since it came out about  40 less than i expected.
he said it was the same tire, and verified this, after checking both the actual tire on my car and my service papers from earlier in the week.
however, when he printed out the service quote, i could see that it was not the correct tire, and was not even an appropriate tire for my car model.
so i pointed this out to him, at which point he said they only had one of the correct tires in stock.
ok  fine.
so i got just my other rear tire replaced.
they promised it d be done within an hour, so i waited in the lobby.
over two hours later  and ten minutes before they closed  my car was finally finished.
a few minutes after i left, i was called and informed that  i  left my wheel lock  which they should have left in the car .
of course, they would be closing in5 minutes, so i would have to hurry up or get it the next day.
of course i could nt make it back in time  and they apparently could not stay5 extra minutes to wait for me .
the next day, no one could find my wheel lock and that particular technician was not in.
of course, they could nt call him either to ask about it because apparently they do nt keep their employees  phone numbers  riiight , so i would have to return on monday  driving for3 days now with no wheel lock should i get a flat .
on monday i called and again it was a big to  do to find anyone who knew anything about it.
supposedly they will be holding it for me this evening, but i m sure that will also be a huge ordeal.
the employees at this sears are completely apathetic and there did nt seem to be any sort of management that i could see.
i will never return there again  and now have some serious doubts about the quality of work they actually performed on my car .